authors
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3518396.nxml
surname Mullokandov
given-names Gavriel
surname Baccarini
given-names Alessia
surname Ruzo
given-names Albert
surname Jayaprakash
given-names Anitha D.
surname Tung
given-names Navpreet
surname Israelow
given-names Benjamin
surname Evans
given-names Matthew J.
surname Sachidanandam
given-names Ravi
surname Brown
given-names Brian D.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3443552.nxml
surname Segata
given-names Nicola
surname Waldron
given-names Levi
surname Ballarini
given-names Annalisa
surname Narasimhan
given-names Vagheesh
surname Jousson
given-names Olivier
surname Huttenhower
given-names Curtis
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3443552.nxml
surname Segata
given-names Nicola
surname Waldron
given-names Levi
surname Ballarini
given-names Annalisa
surname Narasimhan
given-names Vagheesh
surname Jousson
given-names Olivier
surname Huttenhower
given-names Curtis
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3505039.nxml
surname Donner
given-names Yoni
surname Feng
given-names Ting
surname Benoist
given-names Christophe
surname Koller
given-names Daphne
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3505039.nxml
surname Donner
given-names Yoni
surname Feng
given-names Ting
surname Benoist
given-names Christophe
surname Koller
given-names Daphne
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3505039.nxml
surname Donner
given-names Yoni
surname Feng
given-names Ting
surname Benoist
given-names Christophe
surname Koller
given-names Daphne
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3505039.nxml
surname Donner
given-names Yoni
surname Feng
given-names Ting
surname Benoist
given-names Christophe
surname Koller
given-names Daphne
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3505039.nxml
surname Donner
given-names Yoni
surname Feng
given-names Ting
surname Benoist
given-names Christophe
surname Koller
given-names Daphne
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3505039.nxml
surname Donner
given-names Yoni
surname Feng
given-names Ting
surname Benoist
given-names Christophe
surname Koller
given-names Daphne
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3505039.nxml
surname Donner
given-names Yoni
surname Feng
given-names Ting
surname Benoist
given-names Christophe
surname Koller
given-names Daphne
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3505039.nxml
surname Donner
given-names Yoni
surname Feng
given-names Ting
surname Benoist
given-names Christophe
surname Koller
given-names Daphne
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3505039.nxml
surname Donner
given-names Yoni
surname Feng
given-names Ting
surname Benoist
given-names Christophe
surname Koller
given-names Daphne
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3505039.nxml
surname Donner
given-names Yoni
surname Feng
given-names Ting
surname Benoist
given-names Christophe
surname Koller
given-names Daphne
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3505039.nxml
surname Donner
given-names Yoni
surname Feng
given-names Ting
surname Benoist
given-names Christophe
surname Koller
given-names Daphne
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3505039.nxml
surname Donner
given-names Yoni
surname Feng
given-names Ting
surname Benoist
given-names Christophe
surname Koller
given-names Daphne
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3505039.nxml
surname Donner
given-names Yoni
surname Feng
given-names Ting
surname Benoist
given-names Christophe
surname Koller
given-names Daphne
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3589714.nxml
surname Ranzani
given-names Marco
surname Cesana
given-names Daniela
surname Bartholomae
given-names Cynthia C.
surname Sanvito
given-names Francesca
surname Pala
given-names Mauro
surname Benedicenti
given-names Fabrizio
surname Gallina
given-names Pierangela
surname Sergi
given-names Lucia Sergi
surname Merella
given-names Stefania
surname Bulfone
given-names Alessandro
surname Doglioni
given-names Claudio
surname von Kalle
given-names Christof
surname Kim
given-names Yoon Jun
surname Schmidt
given-names Manfred
surname Tonon
given-names Giovanni
surname Naldini
given-names Luigi
surname Montini
given-names Eugenio
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3589714.nxml
surname Ranzani
given-names Marco
surname Cesana
given-names Daniela
surname Bartholomae
given-names Cynthia C.
surname Sanvito
given-names Francesca
surname Pala
given-names Mauro
surname Benedicenti
given-names Fabrizio
surname Gallina
given-names Pierangela
surname Sergi
given-names Lucia Sergi
surname Merella
given-names Stefania
surname Bulfone
given-names Alessandro
surname Doglioni
given-names Claudio
surname von Kalle
given-names Christof
surname Kim
given-names Yoon Jun
surname Schmidt
given-names Manfred
surname Tonon
given-names Giovanni
surname Naldini
given-names Luigi
surname Montini
given-names Eugenio
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3589714.nxml
surname Ranzani
given-names Marco
surname Cesana
given-names Daniela
surname Bartholomae
given-names Cynthia C.
surname Sanvito
given-names Francesca
surname Pala
given-names Mauro
surname Benedicenti
given-names Fabrizio
surname Gallina
given-names Pierangela
surname Sergi
given-names Lucia Sergi
surname Merella
given-names Stefania
surname Bulfone
given-names Alessandro
surname Doglioni
given-names Claudio
surname von Kalle
given-names Christof
surname Kim
given-names Yoon Jun
surname Schmidt
given-names Manfred
surname Tonon
given-names Giovanni
surname Naldini
given-names Luigi
surname Montini
given-names Eugenio
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3589714.nxml
surname Ranzani
given-names Marco
surname Cesana
given-names Daniela
surname Bartholomae
given-names Cynthia C.
surname Sanvito
given-names Francesca
surname Pala
given-names Mauro
surname Benedicenti
given-names Fabrizio
surname Gallina
given-names Pierangela
surname Sergi
given-names Lucia Sergi
surname Merella
given-names Stefania
surname Bulfone
given-names Alessandro
surname Doglioni
given-names Claudio
surname von Kalle
given-names Christof
surname Kim
given-names Yoon Jun
surname Schmidt
given-names Manfred
surname Tonon
given-names Giovanni
surname Naldini
given-names Luigi
surname Montini
given-names Eugenio
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4927356.nxml
surname Chavez
given-names Alejandro
surname Tuttle
given-names Marcelle
surname Pruitt
given-names Benjamin W
surname Ewen-Campen
given-names Ben
surname Chari
given-names Raj
surname Ter-Ovanesyan
given-names Dmitry
surname Haque
given-names Sabina J
surname Cecchi
given-names Ryan J
surname Kowal
given-names Emma J K
surname Buchthal
given-names Joanna
surname Housden
given-names Benjamin E
surname Perrimon
given-names Norbert
surname Collins
given-names James J
surname Church
given-names George
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4149593.nxml
surname Chelaru
given-names Florin
surname Smith
given-names Llewellyn
surname Goldstein
given-names Naomi
surname Bravo
given-names Héctor Corrada
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4149593.nxml
surname Chelaru
given-names Florin
surname Smith
given-names Llewellyn
surname Goldstein
given-names Naomi
surname Bravo
given-names Héctor Corrada
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4149593.nxml
surname Chelaru
given-names Florin
surname Smith
given-names Llewellyn
surname Goldstein
given-names Naomi
surname Bravo
given-names Héctor Corrada
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4149593.nxml
surname Chelaru
given-names Florin
surname Smith
given-names Llewellyn
surname Goldstein
given-names Naomi
surname Bravo
given-names Héctor Corrada
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4149593.nxml
surname Chelaru
given-names Florin
surname Smith
given-names Llewellyn
surname Goldstein
given-names Naomi
surname Bravo
given-names Héctor Corrada
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4149593.nxml
surname Chelaru
given-names Florin
surname Smith
given-names Llewellyn
surname Goldstein
given-names Naomi
surname Bravo
given-names Héctor Corrada
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4149593.nxml
surname Chelaru
given-names Florin
surname Smith
given-names Llewellyn
surname Goldstein
given-names Naomi
surname Bravo
given-names Héctor Corrada
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3651036.nxml
surname Crosetto
given-names Nicola
surname Mitra
given-names Abhishek
surname Silva
given-names Maria Joao
surname Bienko
given-names Magda
surname Dojer
given-names Norbert
surname Wang
given-names Qi
surname Karaca
given-names Elif
surname Chiarle
given-names Roberto
surname Skrzypczak
given-names Magdalena
surname Ginalski
given-names Krzysztof
surname Pasero
given-names Philippe
surname Rowicka
given-names Maga
surname Dikic
given-names Ivan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3733245.nxml
surname Gisselbrecht
given-names Stephen S.
surname Barrera
given-names Luis A.
surname Porsch
given-names Martin
surname Aboukhalil
given-names Anton
surname Estep
given-names Preston W.
suffix 3rd
surname Vedenko
given-names Anastasia
surname Palagi
given-names Alexandre
surname Kim
given-names Yongsok
surname Zhu
given-names Xianmin
surname Busser
given-names Brian W.
surname Gamble
given-names Caitlin E.
surname Iagovitina
given-names Antonina
surname Singhania
given-names Aditi
surname Michelson
given-names Alan M.
surname Bulyk
given-names Martha L.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3731418.nxml
surname Wellensiek
given-names Brian P.
surname Larsen
given-names Andrew C.
surname Stephens
given-names Bret
surname Kukurba
given-names Kim
surname Waern
given-names Karl
surname Briones
given-names Natalia
surname Liu
given-names Li
surname Snyder
given-names Michael
surname Jacobs
given-names Bertram L.
surname Kumar
given-names Sudhir
surname Chaput
given-names John C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3731418.nxml
surname Wellensiek
given-names Brian P.
surname Larsen
given-names Andrew C.
surname Stephens
given-names Bret
surname Kukurba
given-names Kim
surname Waern
given-names Karl
surname Briones
given-names Natalia
surname Liu
given-names Li
surname Snyder
given-names Michael
surname Jacobs
given-names Bertram L.
surname Kumar
given-names Sudhir
surname Chaput
given-names John C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4002004.nxml
surname Gauthier
given-names Nicholas P
surname Soufi
given-names Boumediene
surname Walkowicz
given-names William E
surname Pedicord
given-names Virginia A
surname Mavrakis
given-names Konstantinos J
surname Macek
given-names Boris
surname Gin
given-names David Y
surname Sander
given-names Chris
surname Miller
given-names Martin L
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4002004.nxml
surname Gauthier
given-names Nicholas P
surname Soufi
given-names Boumediene
surname Walkowicz
given-names William E
surname Pedicord
given-names Virginia A
surname Mavrakis
given-names Konstantinos J
surname Macek
given-names Boris
surname Gin
given-names David Y
surname Sander
given-names Chris
surname Miller
given-names Martin L
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3773500.nxml
surname Mellacheruvu
given-names Dattatreya
surname Wright
given-names Zachary
surname Couzens
given-names Amber L.
surname Lambert
given-names Jean-Philippe
surname St-Denis
given-names Nicole
surname Li
given-names Tuo
surname Miteva
given-names Yana V.
surname Hauri
given-names Simon
surname Sardiu
given-names Mihaela E.
surname Low
given-names Teck Yew
surname Halim
given-names Vincentius A.
surname Bagshaw
given-names Richard D.
surname Hubner
given-names Nina C.
surname al-Hakim
given-names Abdallah
surname Bouchard
given-names Annie
surname Faubert
given-names Denis
surname Fermin
given-names Damian
surname Dunham
given-names Wade H.
surname Goudreault
given-names Marilyn
surname Lin
given-names Zhen-Yuan
surname Badillo
given-names Beatriz Gonzalez
surname Pawson
given-names Tony
surname Durocher
given-names Daniel
surname Coulombe
given-names Benoit
surname Aebersold
given-names Ruedi
surname Superti-Furga
given-names Giulio
surname Colinge
given-names Jacques
surname Heck
given-names Albert J. R.
surname Choi
given-names Hyungwon
surname Gstaiger
given-names Matthias
surname Mohammed
given-names Shabaz
surname Cristea
given-names Ileana M.
surname Bennett
given-names Keiryn L.
surname Washburn
given-names Mike P.
surname Raught
given-names Brian
surname Ewing
given-names Rob M.
surname Gingras
given-names Anne-Claude
surname Nesvizhskii
given-names Alexey I.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4131762.nxml
surname Redecke
given-names Vanessa
surname Wu
given-names Ruiqiong
surname Zhou
given-names Jingran
surname Finkelstein
given-names David
surname Chaturvedi
given-names Vandana
surname High
given-names Anthony A.
surname Häcker
given-names Hans
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4131762.nxml
surname Redecke
given-names Vanessa
surname Wu
given-names Ruiqiong
surname Zhou
given-names Jingran
surname Finkelstein
given-names David
surname Chaturvedi
given-names Vandana
surname High
given-names Anthony A.
surname Häcker
given-names Hans
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4131762.nxml
surname Redecke
given-names Vanessa
surname Wu
given-names Ruiqiong
surname Zhou
given-names Jingran
surname Finkelstein
given-names David
surname Chaturvedi
given-names Vandana
surname High
given-names Anthony A.
surname Häcker
given-names Hans
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4131762.nxml
surname Redecke
given-names Vanessa
surname Wu
given-names Ruiqiong
surname Zhou
given-names Jingran
surname Finkelstein
given-names David
surname Chaturvedi
given-names Vandana
surname High
given-names Anthony A.
surname Häcker
given-names Hans
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3852148.nxml
surname Strack
given-names Rita L.
surname Disney
given-names Matthew D.
surname Jaffrey
given-names Samie R.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3882083.nxml
surname Lambert
given-names Jean-Philippe
surname Ivosev
given-names Gordana
surname Couzens
given-names Amber L.
surname Larsen
given-names Brett
surname Taipale
given-names Mikko
surname Lin
given-names Zhen-Yuan
surname Zhong
given-names Quan
surname Lindquist
given-names Susan
surname Vidal
given-names Marc
surname Aebersold
given-names Ruedi
surname Pawson
given-names Tony
surname Bonner
given-names Ron
surname Tate
given-names Stephen
surname Gingras
given-names Anne-Claude
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3851240.nxml
surname Steijger
given-names Tamara
surname Abril
given-names Josep F
surname Engström
given-names Pär G
surname Kokocinski
given-names Felix
surname Hubbard
given-names Tim J
surname Guigó
given-names Roderic
surname Harrow
given-names Jennifer
surname Bertone
given-names Paul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3851240.nxml
surname Steijger
given-names Tamara
surname Abril
given-names Josep F
surname Engström
given-names Pär G
surname Kokocinski
given-names Felix
surname Hubbard
given-names Tim J
surname Guigó
given-names Roderic
surname Harrow
given-names Jennifer
surname Bertone
given-names Paul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3851240.nxml
surname Steijger
given-names Tamara
surname Abril
given-names Josep F
surname Engström
given-names Pär G
surname Kokocinski
given-names Felix
surname Hubbard
given-names Tim J
surname Guigó
given-names Roderic
surname Harrow
given-names Jennifer
surname Bertone
given-names Paul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3851240.nxml
surname Steijger
given-names Tamara
surname Abril
given-names Josep F
surname Engström
given-names Pär G
surname Kokocinski
given-names Felix
surname Hubbard
given-names Tim J
surname Guigó
given-names Roderic
surname Harrow
given-names Jennifer
surname Bertone
given-names Paul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3851240.nxml
surname Steijger
given-names Tamara
surname Abril
given-names Josep F
surname Engström
given-names Pär G
surname Kokocinski
given-names Felix
surname Hubbard
given-names Tim J
surname Guigó
given-names Roderic
surname Harrow
given-names Jennifer
surname Bertone
given-names Paul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3851240.nxml
surname Steijger
given-names Tamara
surname Abril
given-names Josep F
surname Engström
given-names Pär G
surname Kokocinski
given-names Felix
surname Hubbard
given-names Tim J
surname Guigó
given-names Roderic
surname Harrow
given-names Jennifer
surname Bertone
given-names Paul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4018468.nxml
surname Engström
given-names Pär G
surname Steijger
given-names Tamara
surname Sipos
given-names Botond
surname Grant
given-names Gregory R
surname Kahles
given-names André
surname Rätsch
given-names Gunnar
surname Goldman
given-names Nick
surname Hubbard
given-names Tim J
surname Harrow
given-names Jennifer
surname Guigó
given-names Roderic
surname Bertone
given-names Paul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4018468.nxml
surname Engström
given-names Pär G
surname Steijger
given-names Tamara
surname Sipos
given-names Botond
surname Grant
given-names Gregory R
surname Kahles
given-names André
surname Rätsch
given-names Gunnar
surname Goldman
given-names Nick
surname Hubbard
given-names Tim J
surname Harrow
given-names Jennifer
surname Guigó
given-names Roderic
surname Bertone
given-names Paul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3880119.nxml
surname Roberts
given-names Adam
surname Pachter
given-names Lior
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3821180.nxml
surname Adiconis
given-names Xian
surname Borges-Rivera
given-names Diego
surname Satija
given-names Rahul
surname DeLuca
given-names David S.
surname Busby
given-names Michele A.
surname Berlin
given-names Aaron M.
surname Sivachenko
given-names Andrey
surname Thompson
given-names Dawn Anne
surname Wysoker
given-names Alec
surname Fennell
given-names Timothy
surname Gnirke
given-names Andreas
surname Pochet
given-names Nathalie
surname Regev
given-names Aviv
surname Levin
given-names Joshua Z.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3818907.nxml
surname Majoros
given-names William H.
surname Lekprasert
given-names Parawee
surname Mukherjee
given-names Neelanjan
surname Skalsky
given-names Rebecca L.
surname Corcoran
given-names David L.
surname Cullen
given-names Bryan R.
surname Ohler
given-names Uwe
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4076789.nxml
surname Li
given-names Jun
surname Lu
given-names Yiling
surname Akbani
given-names Rehan
surname Ju
given-names Zhenlin
surname Roebuck
given-names Paul L
surname Liu
given-names Wenbin
surname Yang
given-names Ji-Yeon
surname Broom
given-names Bradley M
surname Verhaak
given-names Roeland G W
surname Kane
given-names David W
surname Wakefield
given-names Chris
surname Weinstein
given-names John N
surname mills
given-names Gordon B
surname Liang
given-names Han
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4076789.nxml
surname Li
given-names Jun
surname Lu
given-names Yiling
surname Akbani
given-names Rehan
surname Ju
given-names Zhenlin
surname Roebuck
given-names Paul L
surname Liu
given-names Wenbin
surname Yang
given-names Ji-Yeon
surname Broom
given-names Bradley M
surname Verhaak
given-names Roeland G W
surname Kane
given-names David W
surname Wakefield
given-names Chris
surname Weinstein
given-names John N
surname mills
given-names Gordon B
surname Liang
given-names Han
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4076789.nxml
surname Li
given-names Jun
surname Lu
given-names Yiling
surname Akbani
given-names Rehan
surname Ju
given-names Zhenlin
surname Roebuck
given-names Paul L
surname Liu
given-names Wenbin
surname Yang
given-names Ji-Yeon
surname Broom
given-names Bradley M
surname Verhaak
given-names Roeland G W
surname Kane
given-names David W
surname Wakefield
given-names Chris
surname Weinstein
given-names John N
surname mills
given-names Gordon B
surname Liang
given-names Han
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4076789.nxml
surname Li
given-names Jun
surname Lu
given-names Yiling
surname Akbani
given-names Rehan
surname Ju
given-names Zhenlin
surname Roebuck
given-names Paul L
surname Liu
given-names Wenbin
surname Yang
given-names Ji-Yeon
surname Broom
given-names Bradley M
surname Verhaak
given-names Roeland G W
surname Kane
given-names David W
surname Wakefield
given-names Chris
surname Weinstein
given-names John N
surname mills
given-names Gordon B
surname Liang
given-names Han
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4076789.nxml
surname Li
given-names Jun
surname Lu
given-names Yiling
surname Akbani
given-names Rehan
surname Ju
given-names Zhenlin
surname Roebuck
given-names Paul L
surname Liu
given-names Wenbin
surname Yang
given-names Ji-Yeon
surname Broom
given-names Bradley M
surname Verhaak
given-names Roeland G W
surname Kane
given-names David W
surname Wakefield
given-names Chris
surname Weinstein
given-names John N
surname mills
given-names Gordon B
surname Liang
given-names Han
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4076789.nxml
surname Li
given-names Jun
surname Lu
given-names Yiling
surname Akbani
given-names Rehan
surname Ju
given-names Zhenlin
surname Roebuck
given-names Paul L
surname Liu
given-names Wenbin
surname Yang
given-names Ji-Yeon
surname Broom
given-names Bradley M
surname Verhaak
given-names Roeland G W
surname Kane
given-names David W
surname Wakefield
given-names Chris
surname Weinstein
given-names John N
surname mills
given-names Gordon B
surname Liang
given-names Han
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4076789.nxml
surname Li
given-names Jun
surname Lu
given-names Yiling
surname Akbani
given-names Rehan
surname Ju
given-names Zhenlin
surname Roebuck
given-names Paul L
surname Liu
given-names Wenbin
surname Yang
given-names Ji-Yeon
surname Broom
given-names Bradley M
surname Verhaak
given-names Roeland G W
surname Kane
given-names David W
surname Wakefield
given-names Chris
surname Weinstein
given-names John N
surname mills
given-names Gordon B
surname Liang
given-names Han
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4076789.nxml
surname Li
given-names Jun
surname Lu
given-names Yiling
surname Akbani
given-names Rehan
surname Ju
given-names Zhenlin
surname Roebuck
given-names Paul L
surname Liu
given-names Wenbin
surname Yang
given-names Ji-Yeon
surname Broom
given-names Bradley M
surname Verhaak
given-names Roeland G W
surname Kane
given-names David W
surname Wakefield
given-names Chris
surname Weinstein
given-names John N
surname mills
given-names Gordon B
surname Liang
given-names Han
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3866081.nxml
surname Hofree
given-names Matan
surname Shen
given-names John P.
surname Carter
given-names Hannah
surname Gross
given-names Andrew
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3898876.nxml
surname York
given-names Andrew G.
surname Chandris
given-names Panagiotis
surname Nogare
given-names Damian Dalle
surname Head
given-names Jeffrey
surname Wawrzusin
given-names Peter
surname Fischer
given-names Robert S.
surname Chitnis
given-names Ajay
surname Shroff
given-names Hari
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3898876.nxml
surname York
given-names Andrew G.
surname Chandris
given-names Panagiotis
surname Nogare
given-names Damian Dalle
surname Head
given-names Jeffrey
surname Wawrzusin
given-names Peter
surname Fischer
given-names Robert S.
surname Chitnis
given-names Ajay
surname Shroff
given-names Hari
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3911785.nxml
surname Perez-Pinera
given-names Pablo
surname Kocak
given-names D. Dewran
surname Vockley
given-names Christopher M.
surname Adler
given-names Andrew F.
surname Kabadi
given-names Ami M.
surname Polstein
given-names Lauren R.
surname Thakore
given-names Pratiksha I.
surname Glass
given-names Katherine A.
surname Ousterout
given-names David G.
surname Leong
given-names Kam W.
surname Guilak
given-names Farshid
surname Crawford
given-names Gregory E.
surname Reddy
given-names Timothy E.
surname Gersbach
given-names Charles A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3816492.nxml
surname Imakaev
given-names Maxim
surname Fudenberg
given-names Geoffrey
surname McCord
given-names Rachel Patton
surname Naumova
given-names Natalia
surname Goloborodko
given-names Anton
surname Lajoie
given-names Bryan R.
surname Dekker
given-names Job
surname Mirny
given-names Leonid A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4010127.nxml
surname Guilinger
given-names John P.
surname Pattanayak
given-names Vikram
surname Reyon
given-names Deepak
surname Tsai
given-names Shengdar Q.
surname Sander
given-names Jeffry D.
surname Joung
given-names J. Keith
surname Liu
given-names David R.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4724891.nxml
surname Davies
given-names James O.J.
surname Telenius
given-names Jelena M.
surname McGowan
given-names Simon
surname Roberts
given-names Nigel A.
surname Taylor
given-names Stephen
surname Higgs
given-names Douglas R.
surname Hughes
given-names Jim R.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3964595.nxml
surname Lovatt
given-names Ditte
surname Ruble
given-names Brittani K.
surname Lee
given-names Jaehee
surname Dueck
given-names Hannah
surname Kim
given-names Tae Kyung
surname Fisher
given-names Stephen
surname Francis
given-names Chantal
surname Spaethling
given-names Jennifer M.
surname Wolf
given-names John A.
surname Grady
given-names M. Sean
surname Ulyanova
given-names Alexandra V.
surname Yeldell
given-names Sean B.
surname Griepenburg
given-names Julianne C.
surname Buckley
given-names Peter T.
surname Kim
given-names Junhyong
surname Sul
given-names Jai-Yoon
surname Dmochowski
given-names Ivan J.
surname Eberwine
given-names James
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4040162.nxml
surname Knijnenburg
given-names Theo A.
surname Ramsey
given-names Stephen A.
surname Berman
given-names Benjamin P.
surname Kennedy
given-names Kathleen A.
surname Smit
given-names Arian F.A.
surname Wessels
given-names Lodewyk F.A.
surname Laird
given-names Peter W.
surname Aderem
given-names Alan
surname Shmulevich
given-names Ilya
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4040162.nxml
surname Knijnenburg
given-names Theo A.
surname Ramsey
given-names Stephen A.
surname Berman
given-names Benjamin P.
surname Kennedy
given-names Kathleen A.
surname Smit
given-names Arian F.A.
surname Wessels
given-names Lodewyk F.A.
surname Laird
given-names Peter W.
surname Aderem
given-names Alan
surname Shmulevich
given-names Ilya
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4040162.nxml
surname Knijnenburg
given-names Theo A.
surname Ramsey
given-names Stephen A.
surname Berman
given-names Benjamin P.
surname Kennedy
given-names Kathleen A.
surname Smit
given-names Arian F.A.
surname Wessels
given-names Lodewyk F.A.
surname Laird
given-names Peter W.
surname Aderem
given-names Alan
surname Shmulevich
given-names Ilya
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3922286.nxml
surname Kennedy
given-names Jacob J.
surname Abbatiello
given-names Susan E.
surname Kim
given-names Kyunggon
surname Yan
given-names Ping
surname Whiteaker
given-names Jeffrey R.
surname Lin
given-names Chenwei
surname Kim
given-names Jun Seok
surname Zhang
given-names Yuzheng
surname Wang
given-names Xianlong
surname Ivey
given-names Richard G.
surname Zhao
given-names Lei
surname Min
given-names Hophil
surname Lee
given-names Youngju
surname Yu
given-names Myeong-Hee
surname Yang
given-names Eun Gyeong
surname Lee
given-names Cheolju
surname Wang
given-names Pei
surname Rodriguez
given-names Henry
surname Kim
given-names Youngsoo
surname Carr
given-names Steven A.
surname Paulovich
given-names Amanda G.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3922286.nxml
surname Kennedy
given-names Jacob J.
surname Abbatiello
given-names Susan E.
surname Kim
given-names Kyunggon
surname Yan
given-names Ping
surname Whiteaker
given-names Jeffrey R.
surname Lin
given-names Chenwei
surname Kim
given-names Jun Seok
surname Zhang
given-names Yuzheng
surname Wang
given-names Xianlong
surname Ivey
given-names Richard G.
surname Zhao
given-names Lei
surname Min
given-names Hophil
surname Lee
given-names Youngju
surname Yu
given-names Myeong-Hee
surname Yang
given-names Eun Gyeong
surname Lee
given-names Cheolju
surname Wang
given-names Pei
surname Rodriguez
given-names Henry
surname Kim
given-names Youngsoo
surname Carr
given-names Steven A.
surname Paulovich
given-names Amanda G.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3877743.nxml
surname Vinayagam
given-names Arunachalam
surname Zirin
given-names Jonathan
surname Roesel
given-names Charles
surname Hu
given-names Yanhui
surname Yilmazel
given-names Bahar
surname Samsonova
given-names Anastasia A.
surname Neumüller
given-names Ralph A.
surname Mohr
given-names Stephanie E.
surname Perrimon
given-names Norbert
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3877743.nxml
surname Vinayagam
given-names Arunachalam
surname Zirin
given-names Jonathan
surname Roesel
given-names Charles
surname Hu
given-names Yanhui
surname Yilmazel
given-names Bahar
surname Samsonova
given-names Anastasia A.
surname Neumüller
given-names Ralph A.
surname Mohr
given-names Stephanie E.
surname Perrimon
given-names Norbert
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3877737.nxml
surname Zhang
given-names Rui
surname Li
given-names Xin
surname Ramaswami
given-names Gokul
surname Smith
given-names Kevin S
surname Turecki
given-names Gustavo
surname Montgomery
given-names Stephen B
surname Li
given-names Jin Billy
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4018771.nxml
surname He
given-names Housheng Hansen
surname Meyer
given-names Clifford A.
surname Hu
given-names Sheng'en Shawn
surname Chen
given-names Mei-Wei
surname Zang
given-names Chongzhi
surname Liu
given-names Yin
surname Rao
given-names Prakash K.
surname Fei
given-names Teng
surname Xu
given-names Han
surname Long
given-names Henry
surname Liu
given-names X. Shirley
surname Brown
given-names Myles
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4018771.nxml
surname He
given-names Housheng Hansen
surname Meyer
given-names Clifford A.
surname Hu
given-names Sheng'en Shawn
surname Chen
given-names Mei-Wei
surname Zang
given-names Chongzhi
surname Liu
given-names Yin
surname Rao
given-names Prakash K.
surname Fei
given-names Teng
surname Xu
given-names Han
surname Long
given-names Henry
surname Liu
given-names X. Shirley
surname Brown
given-names Myles
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4018771.nxml
surname He
given-names Housheng Hansen
surname Meyer
given-names Clifford A.
surname Hu
given-names Sheng'en Shawn
surname Chen
given-names Mei-Wei
surname Zang
given-names Chongzhi
surname Liu
given-names Yin
surname Rao
given-names Prakash K.
surname Fei
given-names Teng
surname Xu
given-names Han
surname Long
given-names Henry
surname Liu
given-names X. Shirley
surname Brown
given-names Myles
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4018771.nxml
surname He
given-names Housheng Hansen
surname Meyer
given-names Clifford A.
surname Hu
given-names Sheng'en Shawn
surname Chen
given-names Mei-Wei
surname Zang
given-names Chongzhi
surname Liu
given-names Yin
surname Rao
given-names Prakash K.
surname Fei
given-names Teng
surname Xu
given-names Han
surname Long
given-names Henry
surname Liu
given-names X. Shirley
surname Brown
given-names Myles
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4018771.nxml
surname He
given-names Housheng Hansen
surname Meyer
given-names Clifford A.
surname Hu
given-names Sheng'en Shawn
surname Chen
given-names Mei-Wei
surname Zang
given-names Chongzhi
surname Liu
given-names Yin
surname Rao
given-names Prakash K.
surname Fei
given-names Teng
surname Xu
given-names Han
surname Long
given-names Henry
surname Liu
given-names X. Shirley
surname Brown
given-names Myles
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4018771.nxml
surname He
given-names Housheng Hansen
surname Meyer
given-names Clifford A.
surname Hu
given-names Sheng'en Shawn
surname Chen
given-names Mei-Wei
surname Zang
given-names Chongzhi
surname Liu
given-names Yin
surname Rao
given-names Prakash K.
surname Fei
given-names Teng
surname Xu
given-names Han
surname Long
given-names Henry
surname Liu
given-names X. Shirley
surname Brown
given-names Myles
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4018771.nxml
surname He
given-names Housheng Hansen
surname Meyer
given-names Clifford A.
surname Hu
given-names Sheng'en Shawn
surname Chen
given-names Mei-Wei
surname Zang
given-names Chongzhi
surname Liu
given-names Yin
surname Rao
given-names Prakash K.
surname Fei
given-names Teng
surname Xu
given-names Han
surname Long
given-names Henry
surname Liu
given-names X. Shirley
surname Brown
given-names Myles
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4018771.nxml
surname He
given-names Housheng Hansen
surname Meyer
given-names Clifford A.
surname Hu
given-names Sheng'en Shawn
surname Chen
given-names Mei-Wei
surname Zang
given-names Chongzhi
surname Liu
given-names Yin
surname Rao
given-names Prakash K.
surname Fei
given-names Teng
surname Xu
given-names Han
surname Long
given-names Henry
surname Liu
given-names X. Shirley
surname Brown
given-names Myles
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4326224.nxml
surname Bar-Nur
given-names Ori
surname Brumbaugh
given-names Justin
surname Verheul
given-names Cassandra
surname Apostolou
given-names Effie
surname Pruteanu-Malinici
given-names Iulian
surname Walsh
given-names Ryan M.
surname Ramaswamy
given-names Sridhar
surname Hochedlinger
given-names Konrad
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4326224.nxml
surname Bar-Nur
given-names Ori
surname Brumbaugh
given-names Justin
surname Verheul
given-names Cassandra
surname Apostolou
given-names Effie
surname Pruteanu-Malinici
given-names Iulian
surname Walsh
given-names Ryan M.
surname Ramaswamy
given-names Sridhar
surname Hochedlinger
given-names Konrad
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4326224.nxml
surname Bar-Nur
given-names Ori
surname Brumbaugh
given-names Justin
surname Verheul
given-names Cassandra
surname Apostolou
given-names Effie
surname Pruteanu-Malinici
given-names Iulian
surname Walsh
given-names Ryan M.
surname Ramaswamy
given-names Sridhar
surname Hochedlinger
given-names Konrad
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4281301.nxml
surname Ma
given-names Wenxiu
surname Ay
given-names Ferhat
surname Lee
given-names Choli
surname Gulsoy
given-names Gunhan
surname Deng
given-names Xinxian
surname Cook
given-names Savannah
surname Hesson
given-names Jennifer
surname Cavanaugh
given-names Christopher
surname Ware
given-names Carol B.
surname Krumm
given-names Anton
surname Shendure
given-names Jay
surname Blau
given-names C. Anthony
surname Disteche
given-names Christine M.
surname Noble
given-names William S.
surname Duan
given-names ZhiJun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4180789.nxml
surname Narzisi
given-names Giuseppe
surname O'Rawe
given-names Jason A.
surname Iossifov
given-names Ivan
surname Fang
given-names Han
surname Lee
given-names Yoon-ha
surname Wang
given-names Zihua
surname Wu
given-names Yiyang
surname Lyon
given-names Gholson J.
surname Wigler
given-names Michael
surname Schatz
given-names Michael C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4180789.nxml
surname Narzisi
given-names Giuseppe
surname O'Rawe
given-names Jason A.
surname Iossifov
given-names Ivan
surname Fang
given-names Han
surname Lee
given-names Yoon-ha
surname Wang
given-names Zihua
surname Wu
given-names Yiyang
surname Lyon
given-names Gholson J.
surname Wigler
given-names Michael
surname Schatz
given-names Michael C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4008384.nxml
surname Dickel
given-names Diane E.
surname Zhu
given-names Yiwen
surname Nord
given-names Alex S.
surname Wylie
given-names John N.
surname Akiyama
given-names Jennifer A.
surname Afzal
given-names Veena
surname Plajzer-Frick
given-names Ingrid
surname Kirkpatrick
given-names Aileen
surname Göttgens
given-names Berthold
surname Bruneau
given-names Benoit G.
surname Visel
given-names Axel
surname Pennacchio
given-names Len A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4770512.nxml
surname Angermueller
given-names Christof
surname Clark
given-names Stephen J.
surname Lee
given-names Heather J.
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C.
surname Teng
given-names Mabel J.
surname Hu
given-names Tim Xiaoming
surname Krueger
given-names Felix
surname Smallwood
given-names Sebastien
surname Ponting
given-names Chris P.
surname Voet
given-names Thierry
surname Kelsey
given-names Gavin
surname Stegle
given-names Oliver
surname Reik
given-names Wolf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4770512.nxml
surname Angermueller
given-names Christof
surname Clark
given-names Stephen J.
surname Lee
given-names Heather J.
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C.
surname Teng
given-names Mabel J.
surname Hu
given-names Tim Xiaoming
surname Krueger
given-names Felix
surname Smallwood
given-names Sebastien
surname Ponting
given-names Chris P.
surname Voet
given-names Thierry
surname Kelsey
given-names Gavin
surname Stegle
given-names Oliver
surname Reik
given-names Wolf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4626315.nxml
surname Xia
given-names Bo
surname Han
given-names Dali
surname Lu
given-names Xingyu
surname Sun
given-names Zhaozhu
surname Zhou
given-names Ankun
surname Yin
given-names Qiangzong
surname Zeng
given-names Hu
surname Liu
given-names Menghao
surname Jiang
given-names Xiang
surname Xie
given-names Wei
surname He
given-names Chuan
surname Yi
given-names Chengqi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4507281.nxml
surname Danko
given-names Charles G.
surname Hyland
given-names Stephanie L.
surname Core
given-names Leighton J.
surname Martins
given-names Andre L.
surname Waters
given-names Colin T
surname Lee
given-names Hyung Won
surname Cheung
given-names Vivian G.
surname Kraus
given-names W. Lee
surname Lis
given-names John T.
surname Siepel
given-names Adam
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4507281.nxml
surname Danko
given-names Charles G.
surname Hyland
given-names Stephanie L.
surname Core
given-names Leighton J.
surname Martins
given-names Andre L.
surname Waters
given-names Colin T
surname Lee
given-names Hyung Won
surname Cheung
given-names Vivian G.
surname Kraus
given-names W. Lee
surname Lis
given-names John T.
surname Siepel
given-names Adam
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4259394.nxml
surname Siegfried
given-names Nathan A.
surname Busan
given-names Steven
surname Rice
given-names Greggory M.
surname Nelson
given-names Julie A.E.
surname Weeks
given-names Kevin M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC2783737.nxml
surname Bassik
given-names Michael C.
surname Lebbink
given-names Robert Jan
surname Churchman
given-names L. Stirling
surname Ingolia
given-names Nicholas T.
surname Patena
given-names Weronika
surname LeProust
given-names Emily M.
surname Schuldiner
given-names Maya
surname Weissman
given-names Jonathan S.
surname McManus
given-names Michael T.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC2783737.nxml
surname Bassik
given-names Michael C.
surname Lebbink
given-names Robert Jan
surname Churchman
given-names L. Stirling
surname Ingolia
given-names Nicholas T.
surname Patena
given-names Weronika
surname LeProust
given-names Emily M.
surname Schuldiner
given-names Maya
surname Weissman
given-names Jonathan S.
surname McManus
given-names Michael T.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC2783737.nxml
surname Bassik
given-names Michael C.
surname Lebbink
given-names Robert Jan
surname Churchman
given-names L. Stirling
surname Ingolia
given-names Nicholas T.
surname Patena
given-names Weronika
surname LeProust
given-names Emily M.
surname Schuldiner
given-names Maya
surname Weissman
given-names Jonathan S.
surname McManus
given-names Michael T.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3247016.nxml
surname Underwood
given-names Jason G.
surname Uzilov
given-names Andrew V.
surname Katzman
given-names Sol
surname Onodera
given-names Courtney S.
surname Mainzer
given-names Jacob E.
surname Mathews
given-names David H.
surname Lowe
given-names Todd M.
surname Salama
given-names Sofie R.
surname Haussler
given-names David
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC2861772.nxml
surname Mamanova
given-names Lira
surname Andrews
given-names Robert M.
surname James
given-names Keith D.
surname Sheridan
given-names Elizabeth M.
surname Ellis
given-names Peter D.
surname Langford
given-names Cordelia F.
surname Ost
given-names Tobias W.B.
surname Collins
given-names John E.
surname Turner
given-names Daniel J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3197272.nxml
surname Ni
given-names Ting
surname Corcoran
given-names David L
surname Rach
given-names Elizabeth A
surname Song
given-names Shen
surname Spana
given-names Eric P
surname Gao
given-names Yuan
surname Ohler
given-names Uwe
surname Zhu
given-names Jun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3197272.nxml
surname Ni
given-names Ting
surname Corcoran
given-names David L
surname Rach
given-names Elizabeth A
surname Song
given-names Shen
surname Spana
given-names Eric P
surname Gao
given-names Yuan
surname Ohler
given-names Uwe
surname Zhu
given-names Jun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4117646.nxml
surname Smallwood
given-names Sébastien A
surname Lee
given-names Heather J
surname Angermueller
given-names Christof
surname Krueger
given-names Felix
surname Saadeh
given-names Heba
surname Peat
given-names Julian
surname Andrews
given-names Simon R
surname Stegle
given-names Oliver
surname Reik
given-names Wolf
surname Kelsey
given-names Gavin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4117646.nxml
surname Smallwood
given-names Sébastien A
surname Lee
given-names Heather J
surname Angermueller
given-names Christof
surname Krueger
given-names Felix
surname Saadeh
given-names Heba
surname Peat
given-names Julian
surname Andrews
given-names Simon R
surname Stegle
given-names Oliver
surname Reik
given-names Wolf
surname Kelsey
given-names Gavin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3477507.nxml
surname Chen
given-names Yiwen
surname Negre
given-names Nicolas
surname Li
given-names Qunhua
surname Mieczkowska
given-names Joanna O.
surname Slattery
given-names Matthew
surname Liu
given-names Tao
surname Zhang
given-names Yong
surname Kim
given-names Tae-Kyung
surname He
given-names Housheng Hansen
surname Zieba
given-names Jennifer
surname Ruan
given-names Yijun
surname Bickel
given-names Peter J.
surname Myers
given-names Richard M.
surname Wold
given-names Barbara J.
surname White
given-names Kevin P.
surname Lieb
given-names Jason D.
surname Liu
given-names X. Shirley
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC2875995.nxml
surname Kidd
given-names Jeffrey M.
surname Sampas
given-names Nick
surname Antonacci
given-names Francesca
surname Graves
given-names Tina
surname Fulton
given-names Robert
surname Hayden
given-names Hillary S.
surname Alkan
given-names Can
surname Malig
given-names Maika
surname Ventura
given-names Mario
surname Giannuzzi
given-names Giuliana
surname Kallicki
given-names Joelle
surname Anderson
given-names Paige
surname Tsalenko
given-names Anya
surname Yamada
given-names N. Alice
surname Tsang
given-names Peter
surname Kaul
given-names Rajinder
surname Wilson
given-names Richard K.
surname Bruhn
given-names Laurakay
surname Eichler
given-names Evan E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3005310.nxml
surname Levin
given-names Joshua Z.
surname Yassour
given-names Moran
surname Adiconis
given-names Xian
surname Nusbaum
given-names Chad
surname Thompson
given-names Dawn Anne
surname Friedman
given-names Nir
surname Gnirke
given-names Andreas
surname Regev
given-names Aviv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC2938879.nxml
surname Fowler
given-names Douglas M.
surname Araya
given-names Carlos L.
surname Fleishman
given-names Sarel J.
surname Kellogg
given-names Elizabeth H.
surname Stephany
given-names Jason J.
surname Baker
given-names David
surname Fields
given-names Stanley
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3269549.nxml
surname Karakoc
given-names Emre
surname Alkan
given-names Can
surname O’Roak
given-names Brian J.
surname Dennis
given-names Megan
surname Vives
given-names Laura
surname Mark
given-names Kenneth
surname Rieder
given-names Mark J.
surname Nickerson
given-names Debbie A.
surname Eichler
given-names Evan E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3018472.nxml
surname Sander
given-names Jeffry D.
surname Dahlborg
given-names Elizabeth J.
surname Goodwin
given-names Mathew J.
surname Cade
given-names Lindsay
surname Zhang
given-names Feng
surname Cifuentes
given-names Daniel
surname Curtin
given-names Shaun J.
surname Blackburn
given-names Jessica S.
surname Thibodeau-Beganny
given-names Stacey
surname Qi
given-names Yiping
surname Pierick
given-names Christopher J.
surname Hoffman
given-names Ellen
surname Maeder
given-names Morgan L.
surname Khayter
given-names Cyd
surname Reyon
given-names Deepak
surname Dobbs
given-names Drena
surname Langenau
given-names David M.
surname Stupar
given-names Robert M.
surname Giraldez
given-names Antonio J.
surname Voytas
given-names Daniel F.
surname Peterson
given-names Randall T.
surname Yeh
given-names Jing-Ruey J.
surname Joung
given-names J. Keith
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3018472.nxml
surname Sander
given-names Jeffry D.
surname Dahlborg
given-names Elizabeth J.
surname Goodwin
given-names Mathew J.
surname Cade
given-names Lindsay
surname Zhang
given-names Feng
surname Cifuentes
given-names Daniel
surname Curtin
given-names Shaun J.
surname Blackburn
given-names Jessica S.
surname Thibodeau-Beganny
given-names Stacey
surname Qi
given-names Yiping
surname Pierick
given-names Christopher J.
surname Hoffman
given-names Ellen
surname Maeder
given-names Morgan L.
surname Khayter
given-names Cyd
surname Reyon
given-names Deepak
surname Dobbs
given-names Drena
surname Langenau
given-names David M.
surname Stupar
given-names Robert M.
surname Giraldez
given-names Antonio J.
surname Voytas
given-names Daniel F.
surname Peterson
given-names Randall T.
surname Yeh
given-names Jing-Ruey J.
surname Joung
given-names J. Keith
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3079545.nxml
surname Gohl
given-names Daryl M.
surname Silies
given-names Marion A.
surname Gao
given-names Xiaojing J.
surname Bhalerao
given-names Sheetal
surname Luongo
given-names Francisco J.
surname Lin
given-names Chun-Chieh
surname Potter
given-names Christopher J.
surname Clandinin
given-names Thomas R.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3228994.nxml
surname Mazzoni
given-names Esteban O.
surname Mahony
given-names Shaun
surname Iacovino
given-names Michelina
surname Morrison
given-names Carolyn A.
surname Mountoufaris
given-names George
surname Closser
given-names Michael
surname Whyte
given-names Warren A.
surname Young
given-names Richard A.
surname Kyba
given-names Michael
surname Gifford
given-names David K.
surname Wichterle
given-names Hynek
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3400969.nxml
surname Najm
given-names Fadi J.
surname Zaremba
given-names Anita
surname Caprariello
given-names Andrew V.
surname Nayak
given-names Shreya
surname Freundt
given-names Eric C.
surname Scacheri
given-names Peter C.
surname Miller
given-names Robert H.
surname Tesar
given-names Paul J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4666778.nxml
surname Thakore
given-names Pratiksha I.
surname D’Ippolito
given-names Anthony M
surname Song
given-names Lingyun
surname Safi
given-names Alexias
surname Shivakumar
given-names Nishkala K.
surname Kabadi
given-names Ami M.
surname Reddy
given-names Timothy E.
surname Crawford
given-names Gregory E.
surname Gersbach
given-names Charles A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4666778.nxml
surname Thakore
given-names Pratiksha I.
surname D’Ippolito
given-names Anthony M
surname Song
given-names Lingyun
surname Safi
given-names Alexias
surname Shivakumar
given-names Nishkala K.
surname Kabadi
given-names Ami M.
surname Reddy
given-names Timothy E.
surname Crawford
given-names Gregory E.
surname Gersbach
given-names Charles A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4666778.nxml
surname Thakore
given-names Pratiksha I.
surname D’Ippolito
given-names Anthony M
surname Song
given-names Lingyun
surname Safi
given-names Alexias
surname Shivakumar
given-names Nishkala K.
surname Kabadi
given-names Ami M.
surname Reddy
given-names Timothy E.
surname Crawford
given-names Gregory E.
surname Gersbach
given-names Charles A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4927377.nxml
surname Callahan
given-names Benjamin J
surname McMurdie
given-names Paul J
surname Rosen
given-names Michael J
surname Han
given-names Andrew W
surname Johnson
given-names Amy Jo A
surname Holmes
given-names Susan P
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4927377.nxml
surname Callahan
given-names Benjamin J
surname McMurdie
given-names Paul J
surname Rosen
given-names Michael J
surname Han
given-names Andrew W
surname Johnson
given-names Amy Jo A
surname Holmes
given-names Susan P
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4927377.nxml
surname Callahan
given-names Benjamin J
surname McMurdie
given-names Paul J
surname Rosen
given-names Michael J
surname Han
given-names Andrew W
surname Johnson
given-names Amy Jo A
surname Holmes
given-names Susan P
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4927377.nxml
surname Callahan
given-names Benjamin J
surname McMurdie
given-names Paul J
surname Rosen
given-names Michael J
surname Han
given-names Andrew W
surname Johnson
given-names Amy Jo A
surname Holmes
given-names Susan P
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3581816.nxml
surname Evans
given-names Vanessa C.
surname Barker
given-names Gary
surname Heesom
given-names Kate J.
surname Fan
given-names Jun
surname Bessant
given-names Conrad
surname Matthews
given-names David A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC3581816.nxml
surname Evans
given-names Vanessa C.
surname Barker
given-names Gary
surname Heesom
given-names Kate J.
surname Fan
given-names Jun
surname Bessant
given-names Conrad
surname Matthews
given-names David A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4216143.nxml
surname Assenov
given-names Yassen
surname Müller
given-names Fabian
surname Lutsik
given-names Pavlo
surname Walter
given-names Jörn
surname Lengauer
given-names Thomas
surname Bock
given-names Christoph
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4216143.nxml
surname Assenov
given-names Yassen
surname Müller
given-names Fabian
surname Lutsik
given-names Pavlo
surname Walter
given-names Jörn
surname Lengauer
given-names Thomas
surname Bock
given-names Christoph
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4344394.nxml
surname Ziller
given-names Michael J.
surname Hansen
given-names Kasper D.
surname Meissner
given-names Alexander
surname Aryee
given-names Martin J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4344394.nxml
surname Ziller
given-names Michael J.
surname Hansen
given-names Kasper D.
surname Meissner
given-names Alexander
surname Aryee
given-names Martin J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4344394.nxml
surname Ziller
given-names Michael J.
surname Hansen
given-names Kasper D.
surname Meissner
given-names Alexander
surname Aryee
given-names Martin J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4344394.nxml
surname Ziller
given-names Michael J.
surname Hansen
given-names Kasper D.
surname Meissner
given-names Alexander
surname Aryee
given-names Martin J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4344394.nxml
surname Ziller
given-names Michael J.
surname Hansen
given-names Kasper D.
surname Meissner
given-names Alexander
surname Aryee
given-names Martin J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4344394.nxml
surname Ziller
given-names Michael J.
surname Hansen
given-names Kasper D.
surname Meissner
given-names Alexander
surname Aryee
given-names Martin J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4344394.nxml
surname Ziller
given-names Michael J.
surname Hansen
given-names Kasper D.
surname Meissner
given-names Alexander
surname Aryee
given-names Martin J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4344394.nxml
surname Ziller
given-names Michael J.
surname Hansen
given-names Kasper D.
surname Meissner
given-names Alexander
surname Aryee
given-names Martin J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4344394.nxml
surname Ziller
given-names Michael J.
surname Hansen
given-names Kasper D.
surname Meissner
given-names Alexander
surname Aryee
given-names Martin J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4344410.nxml
surname Kitzman
given-names Jacob O.
surname Starita
given-names Lea M.
surname Lo
given-names Russell S.
surname Fields
given-names Stanley
surname Shendure
given-names Jay
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4768301.nxml
surname Zhu
given-names Qian
surname Wong
given-names Aaron K
surname Krishnan
given-names Arjun
surname Aure
given-names Miriam R
surname Tadych
given-names Alicja
surname Zhang
given-names Ran
surname Corney
given-names David C
surname Greene
given-names Casey S
surname Bongo
given-names Lars A
surname Kristensen
given-names Vessela N
surname Charikar
given-names Moses
surname Li
given-names Kai
surname Troyanskaya
given-names Olga G.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4382388.nxml
surname Zhang
given-names Qing
surname Xiao
given-names Xinshu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4382388.nxml
surname Zhang
given-names Qing
surname Xiao
given-names Xinshu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4382388.nxml
surname Zhang
given-names Qing
surname Xiao
given-names Xinshu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4382388.nxml
surname Zhang
given-names Qing
surname Xiao
given-names Xinshu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4382388.nxml
surname Zhang
given-names Qing
surname Xiao
given-names Xinshu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4382388.nxml
surname Zhang
given-names Qing
surname Xiao
given-names Xinshu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4382388.nxml
surname Zhang
given-names Qing
surname Xiao
given-names Xinshu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4382388.nxml
surname Zhang
given-names Qing
surname Xiao
given-names Xinshu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4624326.nxml
surname Zheng
given-names Guanqun
surname Qin
given-names Yidan
surname Clark
given-names Wesley C.
surname Dai
given-names Qing
surname Yi
given-names Chengqi
surname He
given-names Chuan
surname Lambowitz
given-names Alan M.
surname Pan
given-names Tao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4553111.nxml
surname Cozen
given-names Aaron E.
surname Quartley
given-names Erin
surname Holmes
given-names Andrew D.
surname Robinson
given-names Eva H.
surname Phizicky
given-names Eric M.
surname Lowe
given-names Todd M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4553111.nxml
surname Cozen
given-names Aaron E.
surname Quartley
given-names Erin
surname Holmes
given-names Andrew D.
surname Robinson
given-names Eva H.
surname Phizicky
given-names Eric M.
surname Lowe
given-names Todd M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4414811.nxml
surname Kearns
given-names Nicola A
surname Pham
given-names Hannah
surname Tabak
given-names Barbara
surname Genga
given-names Ryan M
surname Silverstein
given-names Noah J
surname Garber
given-names Manuel
surname Maehr
given-names René
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4414811.nxml
surname Kearns
given-names Nicola A
surname Pham
given-names Hannah
surname Tabak
given-names Barbara
surname Genga
given-names Ryan M
surname Silverstein
given-names Noah J
surname Garber
given-names Manuel
surname Maehr
given-names René
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4414811.nxml
surname Kearns
given-names Nicola A
surname Pham
given-names Hannah
surname Tabak
given-names Barbara
surname Genga
given-names Ryan M
surname Silverstein
given-names Noah J
surname Garber
given-names Manuel
surname Maehr
given-names René
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4414811.nxml
surname Kearns
given-names Nicola A
surname Pham
given-names Hannah
surname Tabak
given-names Barbara
surname Genga
given-names Ryan M
surname Silverstein
given-names Noah J
surname Garber
given-names Manuel
surname Maehr
given-names René
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4547688.nxml
surname Vaughan
given-names Ashley M.
surname Pinapati
given-names Richard S.
surname Cheeseman
given-names Ian H.
surname Camargo
given-names Nelly
surname Fishbaugher
given-names Matthew
surname Checkley
given-names Lisa A.
surname Nair
given-names Shalini
surname Hutyra
given-names Carolyn A.
surname Nosten
given-names François H.
surname Anderson
given-names Timothy J. C.
surname Ferdig
given-names Michael T.
surname Kappe
given-names Stefan H. I.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4490017.nxml
surname Sarioglu
given-names A. Fatih
surname Aceto
given-names Nicola
surname Kojic
given-names Nikola
surname Donaldson
given-names Maria C.
surname Zeinali
given-names Mahnaz
surname Hamza
given-names Bashar
surname Engstrom
given-names Amanda
surname Zhu
given-names Huili
surname Sundaresan
given-names Tilak K.
surname Miyamoto
given-names David T.
surname Luo
given-names Xi
surname Bardia
given-names Aditya
surname Wittner
given-names Ben S.
surname Ramaswamy
given-names Sridhar
surname Shioda
given-names Toshi
surname Ting
given-names David T.
surname Stott
given-names Shannon L.
surname Kapur
given-names Ravi
surname Maheswaran
given-names Shyamala
surname Haber
given-names Daniel A.
surname Toner
given-names Mehmet
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4487409.nxml
surname Linder
given-names Bastian
surname Grozhik
given-names Anya V.
surname Olarerin-George
given-names Anthony O.
surname Meydan
given-names Cem
surname Mason
given-names Christopher E.
surname Jaffrey
given-names Samie R.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4521975.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Heng
surname Sepúlveda
given-names Leonardo A.
surname Figard
given-names Lauren
surname Sokac
given-names Anna Marie
surname Golding
given-names Ido
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4521975.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Heng
surname Sepúlveda
given-names Leonardo A.
surname Figard
given-names Lauren
surname Sokac
given-names Anna Marie
surname Golding
given-names Ido
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4739640.nxml
surname Newman
given-names Aaron M.
surname Liu
given-names Chih Long
surname Green
given-names Michael R.
surname Gentles
given-names Andrew J.
surname Feng
given-names Weiguo
surname Xu
given-names Yue
surname Hoang
given-names Chuong D.
surname Diehn
given-names Maximilian
surname Alizadeh
given-names Ash A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4597790.nxml
surname Berlin
given-names Shai
surname Carroll
given-names Elizabeth C.
surname Newman
given-names Zachary L.
surname Okada
given-names Hitomi O.
surname Quinn
given-names Carson M.
surname Kallman
given-names Benjamin
surname Rockwell
given-names Nathan C.
surname Martin
given-names Shelley S.
surname Lagarias
given-names J. Clark
surname Isacoff
given-names Ehud Y.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589463.nxml
surname Hubbard
given-names Basil P.
surname Badran
given-names Ahmed H.
surname Zuris
given-names John A.
surname Guilinger
given-names John P.
surname Davis
given-names Kevin M.
surname Chen
given-names Liwei
surname Tsai
given-names Shengdar Q.
surname Sander
given-names Jeffry D.
surname Joung
given-names J. Keith
surname Liu
given-names David R.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589463.nxml
surname Hubbard
given-names Basil P.
surname Badran
given-names Ahmed H.
surname Zuris
given-names John A.
surname Guilinger
given-names John P.
surname Davis
given-names Kevin M.
surname Chen
given-names Liwei
surname Tsai
given-names Shengdar Q.
surname Sander
given-names Jeffry D.
surname Joung
given-names J. Keith
surname Liu
given-names David R.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589495.nxml
surname Moreno-Mateos
given-names Miguel A.
surname Vejnar
given-names Charles E.
surname Beaudoin
given-names Jean-Denis
surname Fernandez
given-names Juan P.
surname Mis
given-names Emily K.
surname Khokha
given-names Mustafa K.
surname Giraldez
given-names Antonio J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589495.nxml
surname Moreno-Mateos
given-names Miguel A.
surname Vejnar
given-names Charles E.
surname Beaudoin
given-names Jean-Denis
surname Fernandez
given-names Juan P.
surname Mis
given-names Emily K.
surname Khokha
given-names Mustafa K.
surname Giraldez
given-names Antonio J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589469.nxml
surname Cao
given-names Zhenning
surname Chen
given-names Changya
surname He
given-names Bing
surname Tan
given-names Kai
surname Lu
given-names Chang
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589503.nxml
surname Leng
given-names Ning
surname Chu
given-names Li-Fang
surname Barry
given-names Chris
surname Li
given-names Yuan
surname Choi
given-names Jeea
surname Li
given-names Xiaomao
surname Jiang
given-names Peng
surname Stewart
given-names Ron M.
surname Thomson
given-names James A.
surname Kendziorski
given-names Christina
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4821475.nxml
surname Shechner
given-names David M.
surname Hacisüleyman
given-names Ezgi
surname Younger
given-names Scott T.
surname Rinn
given-names John L.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4821475.nxml
surname Shechner
given-names David M.
surname Hacisüleyman
given-names Ezgi
surname Younger
given-names Scott T.
surname Rinn
given-names John L.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4821475.nxml
surname Shechner
given-names David M.
surname Hacisüleyman
given-names Ezgi
surname Younger
given-names Scott T.
surname Rinn
given-names John L.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589892.nxml
surname Schmidl
given-names Christian
surname Rendeiro
given-names André F.
surname Sheffield
given-names Nathan C.
surname Bock
given-names Christoph
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589466.nxml
surname Chiang
given-names Colby
surname Layer
given-names Ryan M.
surname Faust
given-names Gregory G.
surname Lindberg
given-names Michael R.
surname Rose
given-names David B.
surname Garrison
given-names Erik P.
surname Marth
given-names Gabor T.
surname Quinlan
given-names Aaron R.
surname Hall
given-names Ira M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589466.nxml
surname Chiang
given-names Colby
surname Layer
given-names Ryan M.
surname Faust
given-names Gregory G.
surname Lindberg
given-names Michael R.
surname Rose
given-names David B.
surname Garrison
given-names Erik P.
surname Marth
given-names Gabor T.
surname Quinlan
given-names Aaron R.
surname Hall
given-names Ira M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589466.nxml
surname Chiang
given-names Colby
surname Layer
given-names Ryan M.
surname Faust
given-names Gregory G.
surname Lindberg
given-names Michael R.
surname Rose
given-names David B.
surname Garrison
given-names Erik P.
surname Marth
given-names Gabor T.
surname Quinlan
given-names Aaron R.
surname Hall
given-names Ira M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589466.nxml
surname Chiang
given-names Colby
surname Layer
given-names Ryan M.
surname Faust
given-names Gregory G.
surname Lindberg
given-names Michael R.
surname Rose
given-names David B.
surname Garrison
given-names Erik P.
surname Marth
given-names Gabor T.
surname Quinlan
given-names Aaron R.
surname Hall
given-names Ira M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589466.nxml
surname Chiang
given-names Colby
surname Layer
given-names Ryan M.
surname Faust
given-names Gregory G.
surname Lindberg
given-names Michael R.
surname Rose
given-names David B.
surname Garrison
given-names Erik P.
surname Marth
given-names Gabor T.
surname Quinlan
given-names Aaron R.
surname Hall
given-names Ira M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589466.nxml
surname Chiang
given-names Colby
surname Layer
given-names Ryan M.
surname Faust
given-names Gregory G.
surname Lindberg
given-names Michael R.
surname Rose
given-names David B.
surname Garrison
given-names Erik P.
surname Marth
given-names Gabor T.
surname Quinlan
given-names Aaron R.
surname Hall
given-names Ira M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589466.nxml
surname Chiang
given-names Colby
surname Layer
given-names Ryan M.
surname Faust
given-names Gregory G.
surname Lindberg
given-names Michael R.
surname Rose
given-names David B.
surname Garrison
given-names Erik P.
surname Marth
given-names Gabor T.
surname Quinlan
given-names Aaron R.
surname Hall
given-names Ira M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589466.nxml
surname Chiang
given-names Colby
surname Layer
given-names Ryan M.
surname Faust
given-names Gregory G.
surname Lindberg
given-names Michael R.
surname Rose
given-names David B.
surname Garrison
given-names Erik P.
surname Marth
given-names Gabor T.
surname Quinlan
given-names Aaron R.
surname Hall
given-names Ira M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589466.nxml
surname Chiang
given-names Colby
surname Layer
given-names Ryan M.
surname Faust
given-names Gregory G.
surname Lindberg
given-names Michael R.
surname Rose
given-names David B.
surname Garrison
given-names Erik P.
surname Marth
given-names Gabor T.
surname Quinlan
given-names Aaron R.
surname Hall
given-names Ira M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589466.nxml
surname Chiang
given-names Colby
surname Layer
given-names Ryan M.
surname Faust
given-names Gregory G.
surname Lindberg
given-names Michael R.
surname Rose
given-names David B.
surname Garrison
given-names Erik P.
surname Marth
given-names Gabor T.
surname Quinlan
given-names Aaron R.
surname Hall
given-names Ira M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4589466.nxml
surname Chiang
given-names Colby
surname Layer
given-names Ryan M.
surname Faust
given-names Gregory G.
surname Lindberg
given-names Michael R.
surname Rose
given-names David B.
surname Garrison
given-names Erik P.
surname Marth
given-names Gabor T.
surname Quinlan
given-names Aaron R.
surname Hall
given-names Ira M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4775251.nxml
surname Garvin
given-names Tyler
surname Aboukhalil
given-names Robert
surname Kendall
given-names Jude
surname Baslan
given-names Timour
surname Atwal
given-names Gurinder S.
surname Hicks
given-names James
surname Wigler
given-names Michael
surname Schatz
given-names Michael C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4775251.nxml
surname Garvin
given-names Tyler
surname Aboukhalil
given-names Robert
surname Kendall
given-names Jude
surname Baslan
given-names Timour
surname Atwal
given-names Gurinder S.
surname Hicks
given-names James
surname Wigler
given-names Michael
surname Schatz
given-names Michael C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4775251.nxml
surname Garvin
given-names Tyler
surname Aboukhalil
given-names Robert
surname Kendall
given-names Jude
surname Baslan
given-names Timour
surname Atwal
given-names Gurinder S.
surname Hicks
given-names James
surname Wigler
given-names Michael
surname Schatz
given-names Michael C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4775251.nxml
surname Garvin
given-names Tyler
surname Aboukhalil
given-names Robert
surname Kendall
given-names Jude
surname Baslan
given-names Timour
surname Atwal
given-names Gurinder S.
surname Hicks
given-names James
surname Wigler
given-names Michael
surname Schatz
given-names Michael C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4775251.nxml
surname Garvin
given-names Tyler
surname Aboukhalil
given-names Robert
surname Kendall
given-names Jude
surname Baslan
given-names Timour
surname Atwal
given-names Gurinder S.
surname Hicks
given-names James
surname Wigler
given-names Michael
surname Schatz
given-names Michael C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4775251.nxml
surname Garvin
given-names Tyler
surname Aboukhalil
given-names Robert
surname Kendall
given-names Jude
surname Baslan
given-names Timour
surname Atwal
given-names Gurinder S.
surname Hicks
given-names James
surname Wigler
given-names Michael
surname Schatz
given-names Michael C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4775251.nxml
surname Garvin
given-names Tyler
surname Aboukhalil
given-names Robert
surname Kendall
given-names Jude
surname Baslan
given-names Timour
surname Atwal
given-names Gurinder S.
surname Hicks
given-names James
surname Wigler
given-names Michael
surname Schatz
given-names Michael C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4775251.nxml
surname Garvin
given-names Tyler
surname Aboukhalil
given-names Robert
surname Kendall
given-names Jude
surname Baslan
given-names Timour
surname Atwal
given-names Gurinder S.
surname Hicks
given-names James
surname Wigler
given-names Michael
surname Schatz
given-names Michael C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4775251.nxml
surname Garvin
given-names Tyler
surname Aboukhalil
given-names Robert
surname Kendall
given-names Jude
surname Baslan
given-names Timour
surname Atwal
given-names Gurinder S.
surname Hicks
given-names James
surname Wigler
given-names Michael
surname Schatz
given-names Michael C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4775251.nxml
surname Garvin
given-names Tyler
surname Aboukhalil
given-names Robert
surname Kendall
given-names Jude
surname Baslan
given-names Timour
surname Atwal
given-names Gurinder S.
surname Hicks
given-names James
surname Wigler
given-names Michael
surname Schatz
given-names Michael C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4700514.nxml
surname Ivani
given-names Ivan
surname Dans
given-names Pablo D.
surname Noy
given-names Agnes
surname Pérez
given-names Alberto
surname Faustino
given-names Ignacio
surname Hospital
given-names Adam
surname Walther
given-names Jürgen
surname Andrio
given-names Pau
surname Goñi
given-names Ramon
surname Balaceanu
given-names Alexandra
surname Portella
given-names Guillem
surname Battistini
given-names Federica
surname Gelpí
given-names Josep Lluis
surname González
given-names Carlos
surname Vendruscolo
given-names Michele
surname Laughton
given-names Charles A.
surname Harris
given-names Sarah A.
surname Case
given-names David A.
surname Orozco
given-names Modesto
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4856034.nxml
surname Ewing
given-names Adam D
surname Houlahan
given-names Kathleen E
surname Hu
given-names Yin
surname Ellrott
given-names Kyle
surname Caloian
given-names Cristian
surname Yamaguchi
given-names Takafumi N
surname Bare
given-names J Christopher
surname P’ng
given-names Christine
surname Waggott
given-names Daryl
surname Sabelnykova
given-names Veronica Y
surname Kellen
given-names Michael R
surname Norman
given-names Thea C
surname Haussler
given-names David
surname Friend
given-names Stephen H
surname Stolovitzky
given-names Gustavo
surname Margolin
given-names Adam A
surname Stuart
given-names Joshua M
surname Boutros
given-names Paul C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4856034.nxml
surname Ewing
given-names Adam D
surname Houlahan
given-names Kathleen E
surname Hu
given-names Yin
surname Ellrott
given-names Kyle
surname Caloian
given-names Cristian
surname Yamaguchi
given-names Takafumi N
surname Bare
given-names J Christopher
surname P’ng
given-names Christine
surname Waggott
given-names Daryl
surname Sabelnykova
given-names Veronica Y
surname Kellen
given-names Michael R
surname Norman
given-names Thea C
surname Haussler
given-names David
surname Friend
given-names Stephen H
surname Stolovitzky
given-names Gustavo
surname Margolin
given-names Adam A
surname Stuart
given-names Joshua M
surname Boutros
given-names Paul C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4856034.nxml
surname Ewing
given-names Adam D
surname Houlahan
given-names Kathleen E
surname Hu
given-names Yin
surname Ellrott
given-names Kyle
surname Caloian
given-names Cristian
surname Yamaguchi
given-names Takafumi N
surname Bare
given-names J Christopher
surname P’ng
given-names Christine
surname Waggott
given-names Daryl
surname Sabelnykova
given-names Veronica Y
surname Kellen
given-names Michael R
surname Norman
given-names Thea C
surname Haussler
given-names David
surname Friend
given-names Stephen H
surname Stolovitzky
given-names Gustavo
surname Margolin
given-names Adam A
surname Stuart
given-names Joshua M
surname Boutros
given-names Paul C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4856034.nxml
surname Ewing
given-names Adam D
surname Houlahan
given-names Kathleen E
surname Hu
given-names Yin
surname Ellrott
given-names Kyle
surname Caloian
given-names Cristian
surname Yamaguchi
given-names Takafumi N
surname Bare
given-names J Christopher
surname P’ng
given-names Christine
surname Waggott
given-names Daryl
surname Sabelnykova
given-names Veronica Y
surname Kellen
given-names Michael R
surname Norman
given-names Thea C
surname Haussler
given-names David
surname Friend
given-names Stephen H
surname Stolovitzky
given-names Gustavo
surname Margolin
given-names Adam A
surname Stuart
given-names Joshua M
surname Boutros
given-names Paul C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4856034.nxml
surname Ewing
given-names Adam D
surname Houlahan
given-names Kathleen E
surname Hu
given-names Yin
surname Ellrott
given-names Kyle
surname Caloian
given-names Cristian
surname Yamaguchi
given-names Takafumi N
surname Bare
given-names J Christopher
surname P’ng
given-names Christine
surname Waggott
given-names Daryl
surname Sabelnykova
given-names Veronica Y
surname Kellen
given-names Michael R
surname Norman
given-names Thea C
surname Haussler
given-names David
surname Friend
given-names Stephen H
surname Stolovitzky
given-names Gustavo
surname Margolin
given-names Adam A
surname Stuart
given-names Joshua M
surname Boutros
given-names Paul C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4856034.nxml
surname Ewing
given-names Adam D
surname Houlahan
given-names Kathleen E
surname Hu
given-names Yin
surname Ellrott
given-names Kyle
surname Caloian
given-names Cristian
surname Yamaguchi
given-names Takafumi N
surname Bare
given-names J Christopher
surname P’ng
given-names Christine
surname Waggott
given-names Daryl
surname Sabelnykova
given-names Veronica Y
surname Kellen
given-names Michael R
surname Norman
given-names Thea C
surname Haussler
given-names David
surname Friend
given-names Stephen H
surname Stolovitzky
given-names Gustavo
surname Margolin
given-names Adam A
surname Stuart
given-names Joshua M
surname Boutros
given-names Paul C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4856034.nxml
surname Ewing
given-names Adam D
surname Houlahan
given-names Kathleen E
surname Hu
given-names Yin
surname Ellrott
given-names Kyle
surname Caloian
given-names Cristian
surname Yamaguchi
given-names Takafumi N
surname Bare
given-names J Christopher
surname P’ng
given-names Christine
surname Waggott
given-names Daryl
surname Sabelnykova
given-names Veronica Y
surname Kellen
given-names Michael R
surname Norman
given-names Thea C
surname Haussler
given-names David
surname Friend
given-names Stephen H
surname Stolovitzky
given-names Gustavo
surname Margolin
given-names Adam A
surname Stuart
given-names Joshua M
surname Boutros
given-names Paul C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4856034.nxml
surname Ewing
given-names Adam D
surname Houlahan
given-names Kathleen E
surname Hu
given-names Yin
surname Ellrott
given-names Kyle
surname Caloian
given-names Cristian
surname Yamaguchi
given-names Takafumi N
surname Bare
given-names J Christopher
surname P’ng
given-names Christine
surname Waggott
given-names Daryl
surname Sabelnykova
given-names Veronica Y
surname Kellen
given-names Michael R
surname Norman
given-names Thea C
surname Haussler
given-names David
surname Friend
given-names Stephen H
surname Stolovitzky
given-names Gustavo
surname Margolin
given-names Adam A
surname Stuart
given-names Joshua M
surname Boutros
given-names Paul C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4856034.nxml
surname Ewing
given-names Adam D
surname Houlahan
given-names Kathleen E
surname Hu
given-names Yin
surname Ellrott
given-names Kyle
surname Caloian
given-names Cristian
surname Yamaguchi
given-names Takafumi N
surname Bare
given-names J Christopher
surname P’ng
given-names Christine
surname Waggott
given-names Daryl
surname Sabelnykova
given-names Veronica Y
surname Kellen
given-names Michael R
surname Norman
given-names Thea C
surname Haussler
given-names David
surname Friend
given-names Stephen H
surname Stolovitzky
given-names Gustavo
surname Margolin
given-names Adam A
surname Stuart
given-names Joshua M
surname Boutros
given-names Paul C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4856034.nxml
surname Ewing
given-names Adam D
surname Houlahan
given-names Kathleen E
surname Hu
given-names Yin
surname Ellrott
given-names Kyle
surname Caloian
given-names Cristian
surname Yamaguchi
given-names Takafumi N
surname Bare
given-names J Christopher
surname P’ng
given-names Christine
surname Waggott
given-names Daryl
surname Sabelnykova
given-names Veronica Y
surname Kellen
given-names Michael R
surname Norman
given-names Thea C
surname Haussler
given-names David
surname Friend
given-names Stephen H
surname Stolovitzky
given-names Gustavo
surname Margolin
given-names Adam A
surname Stuart
given-names Joshua M
surname Boutros
given-names Paul C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4856034.nxml
surname Ewing
given-names Adam D
surname Houlahan
given-names Kathleen E
surname Hu
given-names Yin
surname Ellrott
given-names Kyle
surname Caloian
given-names Cristian
surname Yamaguchi
given-names Takafumi N
surname Bare
given-names J Christopher
surname P’ng
given-names Christine
surname Waggott
given-names Daryl
surname Sabelnykova
given-names Veronica Y
surname Kellen
given-names Michael R
surname Norman
given-names Thea C
surname Haussler
given-names David
surname Friend
given-names Stephen H
surname Stolovitzky
given-names Gustavo
surname Margolin
given-names Adam A
surname Stuart
given-names Joshua M
surname Boutros
given-names Paul C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4707952.nxml
surname Lapointe
given-names Christopher P.
surname Wilinski
given-names Daniel
surname Saunders
given-names Harriet A. J.
surname Wickens
given-names Marvin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4707952.nxml
surname Lapointe
given-names Christopher P.
surname Wilinski
given-names Daniel
surname Saunders
given-names Harriet A. J.
surname Wickens
given-names Marvin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4679368.nxml
surname Bolukbasi
given-names Mehmet Fatih
surname Gupta
given-names Ankit
surname Oikemus
given-names Sarah
surname Derr
given-names Alan G.
surname Garber
given-names Manuel
surname Brodsky
given-names Michael H.
surname Zhu
given-names Lihua Julie
surname Wolfe
given-names Scot A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4679368.nxml
surname Bolukbasi
given-names Mehmet Fatih
surname Gupta
given-names Ankit
surname Oikemus
given-names Sarah
surname Derr
given-names Alan G.
surname Garber
given-names Manuel
surname Brodsky
given-names Michael H.
surname Zhu
given-names Lihua Julie
surname Wolfe
given-names Scot A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4679368.nxml
surname Bolukbasi
given-names Mehmet Fatih
surname Gupta
given-names Ankit
surname Oikemus
given-names Sarah
surname Derr
given-names Alan G.
surname Garber
given-names Manuel
surname Brodsky
given-names Michael H.
surname Zhu
given-names Lihua Julie
surname Wolfe
given-names Scot A.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4869711.nxml
surname Thomsen
given-names Elliot R.
surname Mich
given-names John K.
surname Yao
given-names Zizhen
surname Hodge
given-names Rebecca D.
surname Doyle
given-names Adele M.
surname Jang
given-names Sumin
surname Shehata
given-names Soraya I.
surname Nelson
given-names Angelique M.
surname Shapovalova
given-names Nadiya V.
surname Levi
given-names Boaz P.
surname Ramanathan
given-names Sharad
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4869711.nxml
surname Thomsen
given-names Elliot R.
surname Mich
given-names John K.
surname Yao
given-names Zizhen
surname Hodge
given-names Rebecca D.
surname Doyle
given-names Adele M.
surname Jang
given-names Sumin
surname Shehata
given-names Soraya I.
surname Nelson
given-names Angelique M.
surname Shapovalova
given-names Nadiya V.
surname Levi
given-names Boaz P.
surname Ramanathan
given-names Sharad
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4927370.nxml
surname Mostovoy
given-names Yulia
surname Levy-Sakin
given-names Michal
surname Lam
given-names Jessica
surname Lam
given-names Ernest T
surname Hastie
given-names Alex R
surname Marks
given-names Patrick
surname Lee
given-names Joyce
surname Chu
given-names Catherine
surname Lin
given-names Chin
surname Džakula
given-names Željko
surname Cao
given-names Han
surname Schlebusch
given-names Stephen A.
surname Giorda
given-names Kristina
surname Schnall-Levin
given-names Michael
surname Wall
given-names Jeffrey D.
surname Kwok
given-names Pui-Yan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4927370.nxml
surname Mostovoy
given-names Yulia
surname Levy-Sakin
given-names Michal
surname Lam
given-names Jessica
surname Lam
given-names Ernest T
surname Hastie
given-names Alex R
surname Marks
given-names Patrick
surname Lee
given-names Joyce
surname Chu
given-names Catherine
surname Lin
given-names Chin
surname Džakula
given-names Željko
surname Cao
given-names Han
surname Schlebusch
given-names Stephen A.
surname Giorda
given-names Kristina
surname Schnall-Levin
given-names Michael
surname Wall
given-names Jeffrey D.
surname Kwok
given-names Pui-Yan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4927370.nxml
surname Mostovoy
given-names Yulia
surname Levy-Sakin
given-names Michal
surname Lam
given-names Jessica
surname Lam
given-names Ernest T
surname Hastie
given-names Alex R
surname Marks
given-names Patrick
surname Lee
given-names Joyce
surname Chu
given-names Catherine
surname Lin
given-names Chin
surname Džakula
given-names Željko
surname Cao
given-names Han
surname Schlebusch
given-names Stephen A.
surname Giorda
given-names Kristina
surname Schnall-Levin
given-names Michael
surname Wall
given-names Jeffrey D.
surname Kwok
given-names Pui-Yan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4927370.nxml
surname Mostovoy
given-names Yulia
surname Levy-Sakin
given-names Michal
surname Lam
given-names Jessica
surname Lam
given-names Ernest T
surname Hastie
given-names Alex R
surname Marks
given-names Patrick
surname Lee
given-names Joyce
surname Chu
given-names Catherine
surname Lin
given-names Chin
surname Džakula
given-names Željko
surname Cao
given-names Han
surname Schlebusch
given-names Stephen A.
surname Giorda
given-names Kristina
surname Schnall-Levin
given-names Michael
surname Wall
given-names Jeffrey D.
surname Kwok
given-names Pui-Yan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4907500.nxml
surname Jain
given-names Miten
surname Fiddes
given-names Ian
surname Miga
given-names Karen H.
surname Olsen
given-names Hugh E.
surname Paten
given-names Benedict
surname Akeson
given-names Mark
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4887338.nxml
surname Van Nostrand
given-names Eric L.
surname Pratt
given-names Gabriel A.
surname Shishkin
given-names Alexander A.
surname Gelboin-Burkhart
given-names Chelsea
surname Fang
given-names Mark Y.
surname Sundararaman
given-names Balaji
surname Blue
given-names Steven M.
surname Nguyen
given-names Thai B.
surname Surka
given-names Christine
surname Elkins
given-names Keri
surname Stanton
given-names Rebecca
surname Rigo
given-names Frank
surname Guttman
given-names Mitchell
surname Yeo
given-names Gene W.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4772672.nxml
surname Fan
given-names Jean
surname Salathia
given-names Neeraj
surname Liu
given-names Rui
surname Kaeser
given-names Gwendolyn E.
surname Yung
given-names Yun C.
surname Herman
given-names Joseph L.
surname Kaper
given-names Fiona
surname Fan
given-names Jian-Bing
surname Zhang
given-names Kun
surname Chun
given-names Jerold
surname Kharchenko
given-names Peter V.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4772672.nxml
surname Fan
given-names Jean
surname Salathia
given-names Neeraj
surname Liu
given-names Rui
surname Kaeser
given-names Gwendolyn E.
surname Yung
given-names Yun C.
surname Herman
given-names Joseph L.
surname Kaper
given-names Fiona
surname Fan
given-names Jian-Bing
surname Zhang
given-names Kun
surname Chun
given-names Jerold
surname Kharchenko
given-names Peter V.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4772672.nxml
surname Fan
given-names Jean
surname Salathia
given-names Neeraj
surname Liu
given-names Rui
surname Kaeser
given-names Gwendolyn E.
surname Yung
given-names Yun C.
surname Herman
given-names Joseph L.
surname Kaper
given-names Fiona
surname Fan
given-names Jian-Bing
surname Zhang
given-names Kun
surname Chun
given-names Jerold
surname Kharchenko
given-names Peter V.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4927357.nxml
surname Quispe-Tintaya
given-names Wilber
surname Gorbacheva
given-names Tatyana
surname Lee
given-names Moonsook
surname Makhortov
given-names Sergei
surname Popov
given-names Vasily N.
surname Vijg
given-names Jan
surname Maslov
given-names Alexander Y.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4927357.nxml
surname Quispe-Tintaya
given-names Wilber
surname Gorbacheva
given-names Tatyana
surname Lee
given-names Moonsook
surname Makhortov
given-names Sergei
surname Popov
given-names Vasily N.
surname Vijg
given-names Jan
surname Maslov
given-names Alexander Y.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4887298.nxml
surname Zafar
given-names Hamim
surname Wang
given-names Yong
surname Nakhleh
given-names Luay
surname Navin
given-names Nicholas
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4887298.nxml
surname Zafar
given-names Hamim
surname Wang
given-names Yong
surname Nakhleh
given-names Luay
surname Navin
given-names Nicholas
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4887298.nxml
surname Zafar
given-names Hamim
surname Wang
given-names Yong
surname Nakhleh
given-names Luay
surname Navin
given-names Nicholas
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4887298.nxml
surname Zafar
given-names Hamim
surname Wang
given-names Yong
surname Nakhleh
given-names Luay
surname Navin
given-names Nicholas
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4344187.nxml
surname Gao
given-names Xiangwei
surname Wan
given-names Ji
surname Liu
given-names Botao
surname Ma
given-names Ming
surname Shen
given-names Ben
surname Qian
given-names Shu-Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC4344187.nxml
surname Gao
given-names Xiangwei
surname Wan
given-names Ji
surname Liu
given-names Botao
surname Ma
given-names Ming
surname Shen
given-names Ben
surname Qian
given-names Shu-Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5008457.nxml
surname Loose
given-names Matthew
surname Malla
given-names Sunir
surname Stout
given-names Michael
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5007149.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Liyi
surname Brito
given-names Ilana L.
surname Alm
given-names Eric J.
surname Blainey
given-names Paul C.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5292764.nxml
surname Chari
given-names Raj
surname Mali
given-names Prashant
surname Moosburner
given-names Mark
surname Church
given-names George M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5292764.nxml
surname Chari
given-names Raj
surname Mali
given-names Prashant
surname Moosburner
given-names Mark
surname Church
given-names George M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5045719.nxml
surname Lensing
given-names Stefanie V.
surname Marsico
given-names Giovanni
surname Hänsel-Hertsch
given-names Robert
surname Lam
given-names Enid Y.
surname Tannahill
given-names David
surname Balasubramanian
given-names Shankar
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5045719.nxml
surname Lensing
given-names Stefanie V.
surname Marsico
given-names Giovanni
surname Hänsel-Hertsch
given-names Robert
surname Lam
given-names Enid Y.
surname Tannahill
given-names David
surname Balasubramanian
given-names Shankar
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5045719.nxml
surname Lensing
given-names Stefanie V.
surname Marsico
given-names Giovanni
surname Hänsel-Hertsch
given-names Robert
surname Lam
given-names Enid Y.
surname Tannahill
given-names David
surname Balasubramanian
given-names Shankar
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5045719.nxml
surname Lensing
given-names Stefanie V.
surname Marsico
given-names Giovanni
surname Hänsel-Hertsch
given-names Robert
surname Lam
given-names Enid Y.
surname Tannahill
given-names David
surname Balasubramanian
given-names Shankar
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5045719.nxml
surname Lensing
given-names Stefanie V.
surname Marsico
given-names Giovanni
surname Hänsel-Hertsch
given-names Robert
surname Lam
given-names Enid Y.
surname Tannahill
given-names David
surname Balasubramanian
given-names Shankar
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5045719.nxml
surname Lensing
given-names Stefanie V.
surname Marsico
given-names Giovanni
surname Hänsel-Hertsch
given-names Robert
surname Lam
given-names Enid Y.
surname Tannahill
given-names David
surname Balasubramanian
given-names Shankar
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5045719.nxml
surname Lensing
given-names Stefanie V.
surname Marsico
given-names Giovanni
surname Hänsel-Hertsch
given-names Robert
surname Lam
given-names Enid Y.
surname Tannahill
given-names David
surname Balasubramanian
given-names Shankar
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199618.nxml
surname Niknafs
given-names Yashar S.
surname Pandian
given-names Balaji
surname Iyer
given-names Hariharan K.
surname Chinnaiyan
given-names Arul M.
surname Iyer
given-names Matthew K.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199618.nxml
surname Niknafs
given-names Yashar S.
surname Pandian
given-names Balaji
surname Iyer
given-names Hariharan K.
surname Chinnaiyan
given-names Arul M.
surname Iyer
given-names Matthew K.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199621.nxml
surname Chong
given-names Zechen
surname Ruan
given-names Jue
surname Gao
given-names Min
surname Zhou
given-names Wanding
surname Chen
given-names Tenghui
surname Fan
given-names Xian
surname Ding
given-names Li
surname Lee
given-names Anna Y.
surname Boutros
given-names Paul
surname Chen
given-names Junjie
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199621.nxml
surname Chong
given-names Zechen
surname Ruan
given-names Jue
surname Gao
given-names Min
surname Zhou
given-names Wanding
surname Chen
given-names Tenghui
surname Fan
given-names Xian
surname Ding
given-names Li
surname Lee
given-names Anna Y.
surname Boutros
given-names Paul
surname Chen
given-names Junjie
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199621.nxml
surname Chong
given-names Zechen
surname Ruan
given-names Jue
surname Gao
given-names Min
surname Zhou
given-names Wanding
surname Chen
given-names Tenghui
surname Fan
given-names Xian
surname Ding
given-names Li
surname Lee
given-names Anna Y.
surname Boutros
given-names Paul
surname Chen
given-names Junjie
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199621.nxml
surname Chong
given-names Zechen
surname Ruan
given-names Jue
surname Gao
given-names Min
surname Zhou
given-names Wanding
surname Chen
given-names Tenghui
surname Fan
given-names Xian
surname Ding
given-names Li
surname Lee
given-names Anna Y.
surname Boutros
given-names Paul
surname Chen
given-names Junjie
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199621.nxml
surname Chong
given-names Zechen
surname Ruan
given-names Jue
surname Gao
given-names Min
surname Zhou
given-names Wanding
surname Chen
given-names Tenghui
surname Fan
given-names Xian
surname Ding
given-names Li
surname Lee
given-names Anna Y.
surname Boutros
given-names Paul
surname Chen
given-names Junjie
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199621.nxml
surname Chong
given-names Zechen
surname Ruan
given-names Jue
surname Gao
given-names Min
surname Zhou
given-names Wanding
surname Chen
given-names Tenghui
surname Fan
given-names Xian
surname Ding
given-names Li
surname Lee
given-names Anna Y.
surname Boutros
given-names Paul
surname Chen
given-names Junjie
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199621.nxml
surname Chong
given-names Zechen
surname Ruan
given-names Jue
surname Gao
given-names Min
surname Zhou
given-names Wanding
surname Chen
given-names Tenghui
surname Fan
given-names Xian
surname Ding
given-names Li
surname Lee
given-names Anna Y.
surname Boutros
given-names Paul
surname Chen
given-names Junjie
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199621.nxml
surname Chong
given-names Zechen
surname Ruan
given-names Jue
surname Gao
given-names Min
surname Zhou
given-names Wanding
surname Chen
given-names Tenghui
surname Fan
given-names Xian
surname Ding
given-names Li
surname Lee
given-names Anna Y.
surname Boutros
given-names Paul
surname Chen
given-names Junjie
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199621.nxml
surname Chong
given-names Zechen
surname Ruan
given-names Jue
surname Gao
given-names Min
surname Zhou
given-names Wanding
surname Chen
given-names Tenghui
surname Fan
given-names Xian
surname Ding
given-names Li
surname Lee
given-names Anna Y.
surname Boutros
given-names Paul
surname Chen
given-names Junjie
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199621.nxml
surname Chong
given-names Zechen
surname Ruan
given-names Jue
surname Gao
given-names Min
surname Zhou
given-names Wanding
surname Chen
given-names Tenghui
surname Fan
given-names Xian
surname Ding
given-names Li
surname Lee
given-names Anna Y.
surname Boutros
given-names Paul
surname Chen
given-names Junjie
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199621.nxml
surname Chong
given-names Zechen
surname Ruan
given-names Jue
surname Gao
given-names Min
surname Zhou
given-names Wanding
surname Chen
given-names Tenghui
surname Fan
given-names Xian
surname Ding
given-names Li
surname Lee
given-names Anna Y.
surname Boutros
given-names Paul
surname Chen
given-names Junjie
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199621.nxml
surname Chong
given-names Zechen
surname Ruan
given-names Jue
surname Gao
given-names Min
surname Zhou
given-names Wanding
surname Chen
given-names Tenghui
surname Fan
given-names Xian
surname Ding
given-names Li
surname Lee
given-names Anna Y.
surname Boutros
given-names Paul
surname Chen
given-names Junjie
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5199621.nxml
surname Chong
given-names Zechen
surname Ruan
given-names Jue
surname Gao
given-names Min
surname Zhou
given-names Wanding
surname Chen
given-names Tenghui
surname Fan
given-names Xian
surname Ding
given-names Li
surname Lee
given-names Anna Y.
surname Boutros
given-names Paul
surname Chen
given-names Junjie
surname Chen
given-names Ken
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5322472.nxml
surname Kalhor
given-names Reza
surname Mali
given-names Prashant
surname Church
given-names George M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5322472.nxml
surname Kalhor
given-names Reza
surname Mali
given-names Prashant
surname Church
given-names George M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5423094.nxml
surname Yartseva
given-names Valeria
surname Takacs
given-names Carter M.
surname Vejnar
given-names Charles E.
surname Lee
given-names Miler T.
surname Giraldez
given-names Antonio J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5423094.nxml
surname Yartseva
given-names Valeria
surname Takacs
given-names Carter M.
surname Vejnar
given-names Charles E.
surname Lee
given-names Miler T.
surname Giraldez
given-names Antonio J.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5334791.nxml
surname Datlinger
given-names Paul
surname Rendeiro
given-names André F
surname Schmidl
given-names Christian
surname Krausgruber
given-names Thomas
surname Traxler
given-names Peter
surname Klughammer
given-names Johanna
surname Schuster
given-names Linda C
surname Kuchler
given-names Amelie
surname Alpar
given-names Donat
surname Bock
given-names Christoph
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5334791.nxml
surname Datlinger
given-names Paul
surname Rendeiro
given-names André F
surname Schmidl
given-names Christian
surname Krausgruber
given-names Thomas
surname Traxler
given-names Peter
surname Klughammer
given-names Johanna
surname Schuster
given-names Linda C
surname Kuchler
given-names Amelie
surname Alpar
given-names Donat
surname Bock
given-names Christoph
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5330805.nxml
surname Qiu
given-names Xiaojie
surname Hill
given-names Andrew
surname Packer
given-names Jonathan
surname Lin
given-names Dejun
surname Ma
given-names Yi-An
surname Trapnell
given-names Cole
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5330805.nxml
surname Qiu
given-names Xiaojie
surname Hill
given-names Andrew
surname Packer
given-names Jonathan
surname Lin
given-names Dejun
surname Ma
given-names Yi-An
surname Trapnell
given-names Cole
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5330805.nxml
surname Qiu
given-names Xiaojie
surname Hill
given-names Andrew
surname Packer
given-names Jonathan
surname Lin
given-names Dejun
surname Ma
given-names Yi-An
surname Trapnell
given-names Cole
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5330805.nxml
surname Qiu
given-names Xiaojie
surname Hill
given-names Andrew
surname Packer
given-names Jonathan
surname Lin
given-names Dejun
surname Ma
given-names Yi-An
surname Trapnell
given-names Cole
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5330805.nxml
surname Qiu
given-names Xiaojie
surname Hill
given-names Andrew
surname Packer
given-names Jonathan
surname Lin
given-names Dejun
surname Ma
given-names Yi-An
surname Trapnell
given-names Cole
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5330805.nxml
surname Qiu
given-names Xiaojie
surname Hill
given-names Andrew
surname Packer
given-names Jonathan
surname Lin
given-names Dejun
surname Ma
given-names Yi-An
surname Trapnell
given-names Cole
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5330805.nxml
surname Qiu
given-names Xiaojie
surname Hill
given-names Andrew
surname Packer
given-names Jonathan
surname Lin
given-names Dejun
surname Ma
given-names Yi-An
surname Trapnell
given-names Cole
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5330805.nxml
surname Qiu
given-names Xiaojie
surname Hill
given-names Andrew
surname Packer
given-names Jonathan
surname Lin
given-names Dejun
surname Ma
given-names Yi-An
surname Trapnell
given-names Cole
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5330809.nxml
surname Ramani
given-names Vijay
surname Deng
given-names Xinxian
surname Qiu
given-names Ruolan
surname Gunderson
given-names Kevin L
surname Steemers
given-names Frank J
surname Disteche
given-names Christine M
surname Noble
given-names William S
surname Duan
given-names Zhijun
surname Shendure
given-names Jay
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5330809.nxml
surname Ramani
given-names Vijay
surname Deng
given-names Xinxian
surname Qiu
given-names Ruolan
surname Gunderson
given-names Kevin L
surname Steemers
given-names Frank J
surname Disteche
given-names Christine M
surname Noble
given-names William S
surname Duan
given-names Zhijun
surname Shendure
given-names Jay
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376227.nxml
surname Gierahn
given-names Todd M.
surname Wadsworth
given-names Marc H.
suffix II
surname Hughes
given-names Travis K.
surname Bryson
given-names Bryan D.
surname Butler
given-names Andrew
surname Satija
given-names Rahul
surname Fortune
given-names Sarah
surname Love
given-names J. Christopher
surname Shalek
given-names Alex K.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5376499.nxml
surname Svensson
given-names Valentine
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar Nath
surname Ly
given-names Lam-Ha
surname Miragaia
given-names Ricardo J
surname Labalette
given-names Charlotte
surname Macaulay
given-names Iain C
surname Cvejic
given-names Ana
surname Teichmann
given-names Sarah A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5600148.nxml
surname Patro
given-names Rob
surname Duggal
given-names Geet
surname Love
given-names Michael I
surname Irizarry
given-names Rafael A
surname Kingsford
given-names Carl
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5600148.nxml
surname Patro
given-names Rob
surname Duggal
given-names Geet
surname Love
given-names Michael I
surname Irizarry
given-names Rafael A
surname Kingsford
given-names Carl
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5449203.nxml
surname Shen
given-names John Paul
surname Zhao
given-names Dongxin
surname Sasik
given-names Roman
surname Luebeck
given-names Jens
surname Birmingham
given-names Amanda
surname Bojorquez-Gomez
given-names Ana
surname Licon
given-names Katherine
surname Klepper
given-names Kristin
surname Pekin
given-names Daniel
surname Beckett
given-names Alex
surname Sanchez
given-names Kyle
surname Thomas
given-names Alex
surname Kuo
given-names Chih-Chung
surname Du
given-names Dan
surname Roguev
given-names Assen
surname Lewis
given-names Nathan E.
surname Chang
given-names Aaron N.
surname Kreisberg
given-names Jason F.
surname Krogan
given-names Nevan
surname Qi
given-names Lei
surname Ideker
given-names Trey
surname Mali
given-names Prashant
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5410170.nxml
surname Kiselev
given-names Vladimir Yu.
surname Kirschner
given-names Kristina
surname Schaub
given-names Michael T.
surname Andrews
given-names Tallulah
surname Yiu
given-names Andrew
surname Chandra
given-names Tamir
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar N
surname Reik
given-names Wolf
surname Barahona
given-names Mauricio
surname Green
given-names Anthony R
surname Hemberg
given-names Martin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5410170.nxml
surname Kiselev
given-names Vladimir Yu.
surname Kirschner
given-names Kristina
surname Schaub
given-names Michael T.
surname Andrews
given-names Tallulah
surname Yiu
given-names Andrew
surname Chandra
given-names Tamir
surname Natarajan
given-names Kedar N
surname Reik
given-names Wolf
surname Barahona
given-names Mauricio
surname Green
given-names Anthony R
surname Hemberg
given-names Martin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5419720.nxml
surname Harterink
given-names Martin
surname da Silva
given-names Marta Esteves
surname Will
given-names Lena
surname Turan
given-names Julia
surname Ibrahim
given-names Adiljan
surname Lang
given-names Alexander E.
surname van Battum
given-names Eljo Y.
surname Pasterkamp
given-names R. Jeroen
surname Kapitein
given-names Lukas C.
surname Kudryashov
given-names Dmitri
surname Barres
given-names Ben A.
surname Hoogenraad
given-names Casper C.
surname Zuchero
given-names J. Bradley
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5419720.nxml
surname Harterink
given-names Martin
surname da Silva
given-names Marta Esteves
surname Will
given-names Lena
surname Turan
given-names Julia
surname Ibrahim
given-names Adiljan
surname Lang
given-names Alexander E.
surname van Battum
given-names Eljo Y.
surname Pasterkamp
given-names R. Jeroen
surname Kapitein
given-names Lukas C.
surname Kudryashov
given-names Dmitri
surname Barres
given-names Ben A.
surname Hoogenraad
given-names Casper C.
surname Zuchero
given-names J. Bradley
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5419720.nxml
surname Harterink
given-names Martin
surname da Silva
given-names Marta Esteves
surname Will
given-names Lena
surname Turan
given-names Julia
surname Ibrahim
given-names Adiljan
surname Lang
given-names Alexander E.
surname van Battum
given-names Eljo Y.
surname Pasterkamp
given-names R. Jeroen
surname Kapitein
given-names Lukas C.
surname Kudryashov
given-names Dmitri
surname Barres
given-names Ben A.
surname Hoogenraad
given-names Casper C.
surname Zuchero
given-names J. Bradley
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5419720.nxml
surname Harterink
given-names Martin
surname da Silva
given-names Marta Esteves
surname Will
given-names Lena
surname Turan
given-names Julia
surname Ibrahim
given-names Adiljan
surname Lang
given-names Alexander E.
surname van Battum
given-names Eljo Y.
surname Pasterkamp
given-names R. Jeroen
surname Kapitein
given-names Lukas C.
surname Kudryashov
given-names Dmitri
surname Barres
given-names Ben A.
surname Hoogenraad
given-names Casper C.
surname Zuchero
given-names J. Bradley
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5490986.nxml
surname Diao
given-names Yarui
surname Fang
given-names Rongxin
surname Li
given-names Bin
surname Meng
given-names Zhipeng
surname Yu
given-names Juntao
surname Qiu
given-names Yunjiang
surname Lin
given-names Kimberly C.
surname Huang
given-names Hui
surname Liu
given-names Tristin
surname Marina
given-names Ryan J
surname Jung
given-names Inkyung
surname Shen
given-names Yin
surname Guan
given-names Kun-Liang
surname Ren
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5473255.nxml
surname Bacher
given-names Rhonda
surname Chu
given-names Li-Fang
surname Leng
given-names Ning
surname Gasch
given-names Audrey P.
surname Thomson
given-names James A.
surname Stewart
given-names Ron M.
surname Newton
given-names Michael
surname Kendziorski
given-names Christina
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5473255.nxml
surname Bacher
given-names Rhonda
surname Chu
given-names Li-Fang
surname Leng
given-names Ning
surname Gasch
given-names Audrey P.
surname Thomson
given-names James A.
surname Stewart
given-names Ron M.
surname Newton
given-names Michael
surname Kendziorski
given-names Christina
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5473255.nxml
surname Bacher
given-names Rhonda
surname Chu
given-names Li-Fang
surname Leng
given-names Ning
surname Gasch
given-names Audrey P.
surname Thomson
given-names James A.
surname Stewart
given-names Ron M.
surname Newton
given-names Michael
surname Kendziorski
given-names Christina
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5473255.nxml
surname Bacher
given-names Rhonda
surname Chu
given-names Li-Fang
surname Leng
given-names Ning
surname Gasch
given-names Audrey P.
surname Thomson
given-names James A.
surname Stewart
given-names Ron M.
surname Newton
given-names Michael
surname Kendziorski
given-names Christina
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5473255.nxml
surname Bacher
given-names Rhonda
surname Chu
given-names Li-Fang
surname Leng
given-names Ning
surname Gasch
given-names Audrey P.
surname Thomson
given-names James A.
surname Stewart
given-names Ron M.
surname Newton
given-names Michael
surname Kendziorski
given-names Christina
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5482724.nxml
surname Willems
given-names Thomas
surname Zielinski
given-names Dina
surname Yuan
given-names Jie
surname Gordon
given-names Assaf
surname Gymrek
given-names Melissa
surname Erlich
given-names Yaniv
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5408311.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Xiao
surname Zhang
given-names Lei
surname Milholland
given-names Brandon
surname Lee
given-names Moonsook
surname Maslov
given-names Alexander Y.
surname Wang
given-names Tao
surname Vijg
given-names Jan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5408311.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Xiao
surname Zhang
given-names Lei
surname Milholland
given-names Brandon
surname Lee
given-names Moonsook
surname Maslov
given-names Alexander Y.
surname Wang
given-names Tao
surname Vijg
given-names Jan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5408311.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Xiao
surname Zhang
given-names Lei
surname Milholland
given-names Brandon
surname Lee
given-names Moonsook
surname Maslov
given-names Alexander Y.
surname Wang
given-names Tao
surname Vijg
given-names Jan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5408311.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Xiao
surname Zhang
given-names Lei
surname Milholland
given-names Brandon
surname Lee
given-names Moonsook
surname Maslov
given-names Alexander Y.
surname Wang
given-names Tao
surname Vijg
given-names Jan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5408311.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Xiao
surname Zhang
given-names Lei
surname Milholland
given-names Brandon
surname Lee
given-names Moonsook
surname Maslov
given-names Alexander Y.
surname Wang
given-names Tao
surname Vijg
given-names Jan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5408311.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Xiao
surname Zhang
given-names Lei
surname Milholland
given-names Brandon
surname Lee
given-names Moonsook
surname Maslov
given-names Alexander Y.
surname Wang
given-names Tao
surname Vijg
given-names Jan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5408311.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Xiao
surname Zhang
given-names Lei
surname Milholland
given-names Brandon
surname Lee
given-names Moonsook
surname Maslov
given-names Alexander Y.
surname Wang
given-names Tao
surname Vijg
given-names Jan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5408311.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Xiao
surname Zhang
given-names Lei
surname Milholland
given-names Brandon
surname Lee
given-names Moonsook
surname Maslov
given-names Alexander Y.
surname Wang
given-names Tao
surname Vijg
given-names Jan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5540177.nxml
surname Bagley
given-names Joshua A
surname Reumann
given-names Daniel
surname Bian
given-names Shan
surname Lévi-Strauss
given-names Julie
surname Knoblich
given-names Juergen A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5495136.nxml
surname Rogers
given-names Zoë N.
surname McFarland
given-names Christopher D.
surname Winters
given-names Ian P.
surname Naranjo
given-names Santiago
surname Chuang
given-names Chen-Hua
surname Petrov
given-names Dmitri
surname Winslow
given-names Monte M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5495136.nxml
surname Rogers
given-names Zoë N.
surname McFarland
given-names Christopher D.
surname Winters
given-names Ian P.
surname Naranjo
given-names Santiago
surname Chuang
given-names Chen-Hua
surname Petrov
given-names Dmitri
surname Winslow
given-names Monte M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5495136.nxml
surname Rogers
given-names Zoë N.
surname McFarland
given-names Christopher D.
surname Winters
given-names Ian P.
surname Naranjo
given-names Santiago
surname Chuang
given-names Chen-Hua
surname Petrov
given-names Dmitri
surname Winslow
given-names Monte M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5501199.nxml
surname Knowles
given-names David A.
surname Davis
given-names Joe R.
surname Edgington
given-names Hilary
surname Raj
given-names Anil
surname Favé
given-names Marie-Julie
surname Zhu
given-names Xiaowei
surname Potash
given-names James B.
surname Weissman
given-names Myrna M.
surname Shi
given-names Jianxin
surname Levinson
given-names Douglas F.
surname Awadalla
given-names Philip
surname Mostafavi
given-names Sara
surname Montgomery
given-names Stephen B.
surname Battle
given-names Alexis
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5501199.nxml
surname Knowles
given-names David A.
surname Davis
given-names Joe R.
surname Edgington
given-names Hilary
surname Raj
given-names Anil
surname Favé
given-names Marie-Julie
surname Zhu
given-names Xiaowei
surname Potash
given-names James B.
surname Weissman
given-names Myrna M.
surname Shi
given-names Jianxin
surname Levinson
given-names Douglas F.
surname Awadalla
given-names Philip
surname Mostafavi
given-names Sara
surname Montgomery
given-names Stephen B.
surname Battle
given-names Alexis
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/Nat_Methods/PMC5501199.nxml
surname Knowles
given-names David A.
surname Davis
given-names Joe R.
surname Edgington
given-names Hilary
surname Raj
given-names Anil
surname Favé
given-names Marie-Julie
surname Zhu
given-names Xiaowei
surname Potash
given-names James B.
surname Weissman
given-names Myrna M.
surname Shi
given-names Jianxin
surname Levinson
given-names Douglas F.
surname Awadalla
given-names Philip
surname Mostafavi
given-names Sara
surname Montgomery
given-names Stephen B.
surname Battle
given-names Alexis
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4988053.nxml
surname Pesch
given-names Robert
surname Zimmer
given-names Ralf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4988053.nxml
surname Pesch
given-names Robert
surname Zimmer
given-names Ralf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4988053.nxml
surname Pesch
given-names Robert
surname Zimmer
given-names Ralf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4988053.nxml
surname Pesch
given-names Robert
surname Zimmer
given-names Ralf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2724489.nxml
surname Qin
given-names Huaxia
surname Chan
given-names Michael WY
surname Liyanarachchi
given-names Sandya
surname Balch
given-names Curtis
surname Potter
given-names Dustin
surname Souriraj
given-names Irene J
surname Cheng
given-names Alfred SL
surname Agosto-Perez
given-names Francisco J
surname Nikonova
given-names Elena V
surname Yan
given-names Pearlly S
surname Lin
given-names Huey-Jen
surname Nephew
given-names Kenneth P
surname Saltz
given-names Joel H
surname Showe
given-names Louise C
surname Huang
given-names Tim HM
surname Davuluri
given-names Ramana V
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2724489.nxml
surname Qin
given-names Huaxia
surname Chan
given-names Michael WY
surname Liyanarachchi
given-names Sandya
surname Balch
given-names Curtis
surname Potter
given-names Dustin
surname Souriraj
given-names Irene J
surname Cheng
given-names Alfred SL
surname Agosto-Perez
given-names Francisco J
surname Nikonova
given-names Elena V
surname Yan
given-names Pearlly S
surname Lin
given-names Huey-Jen
surname Nephew
given-names Kenneth P
surname Saltz
given-names Joel H
surname Showe
given-names Louise C
surname Huang
given-names Tim HM
surname Davuluri
given-names Ramana V
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2734845.nxml
surname Wollbold
given-names Johannes
surname Huber
given-names René
surname Pohlers
given-names Dirk
surname Koczan
given-names Dirk
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Kinne
given-names Raimund W
surname Gausmann
given-names Ulrike
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2734845.nxml
surname Wollbold
given-names Johannes
surname Huber
given-names René
surname Pohlers
given-names Dirk
surname Koczan
given-names Dirk
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Kinne
given-names Raimund W
surname Gausmann
given-names Ulrike
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2734845.nxml
surname Wollbold
given-names Johannes
surname Huber
given-names René
surname Pohlers
given-names Dirk
surname Koczan
given-names Dirk
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Kinne
given-names Raimund W
surname Gausmann
given-names Ulrike
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2734845.nxml
surname Wollbold
given-names Johannes
surname Huber
given-names René
surname Pohlers
given-names Dirk
surname Koczan
given-names Dirk
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Kinne
given-names Raimund W
surname Gausmann
given-names Ulrike
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2734845.nxml
surname Wollbold
given-names Johannes
surname Huber
given-names René
surname Pohlers
given-names Dirk
surname Koczan
given-names Dirk
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Kinne
given-names Raimund W
surname Gausmann
given-names Ulrike
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2734845.nxml
surname Wollbold
given-names Johannes
surname Huber
given-names René
surname Pohlers
given-names Dirk
surname Koczan
given-names Dirk
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Kinne
given-names Raimund W
surname Gausmann
given-names Ulrike
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2734845.nxml
surname Wollbold
given-names Johannes
surname Huber
given-names René
surname Pohlers
given-names Dirk
surname Koczan
given-names Dirk
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Kinne
given-names Raimund W
surname Gausmann
given-names Ulrike
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2734845.nxml
surname Wollbold
given-names Johannes
surname Huber
given-names René
surname Pohlers
given-names Dirk
surname Koczan
given-names Dirk
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Kinne
given-names Raimund W
surname Gausmann
given-names Ulrike
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2734845.nxml
surname Wollbold
given-names Johannes
surname Huber
given-names René
surname Pohlers
given-names Dirk
surname Koczan
given-names Dirk
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Kinne
given-names Raimund W
surname Gausmann
given-names Ulrike
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2734845.nxml
surname Wollbold
given-names Johannes
surname Huber
given-names René
surname Pohlers
given-names Dirk
surname Koczan
given-names Dirk
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Kinne
given-names Raimund W
surname Gausmann
given-names Ulrike
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2734845.nxml
surname Wollbold
given-names Johannes
surname Huber
given-names René
surname Pohlers
given-names Dirk
surname Koczan
given-names Dirk
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Kinne
given-names Raimund W
surname Gausmann
given-names Ulrike
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2714305.nxml
surname Yuan
given-names Xiongying
surname Liu
given-names Changning
surname Yang
given-names Pengcheng
surname He
given-names Shunmin
surname Liao
given-names Qi
surname Kang
given-names Shuli
surname Zhao
given-names Yi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2680807.nxml
surname Gohlke
given-names Julia M
surname Thomas
given-names Reuben
surname Zhang
given-names Yonqing
surname Rosenstein
given-names Michael C
surname Davis
given-names Allan P
surname Murphy
given-names Cynthia
surname Becker
given-names Kevin G
surname Mattingly
given-names Carolyn J
surname Portier
given-names Christopher J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2873318.nxml
surname Gu
given-names Jin
surname Chen
given-names Yang
surname Li
given-names Shao
surname Li
given-names Yanda
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2873318.nxml
surname Gu
given-names Jin
surname Chen
given-names Yang
surname Li
given-names Shao
surname Li
given-names Yanda
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2873318.nxml
surname Gu
given-names Jin
surname Chen
given-names Yang
surname Li
given-names Shao
surname Li
given-names Yanda
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2873318.nxml
surname Gu
given-names Jin
surname Chen
given-names Yang
surname Li
given-names Shao
surname Li
given-names Yanda
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2873318.nxml
surname Gu
given-names Jin
surname Chen
given-names Yang
surname Li
given-names Shao
surname Li
given-names Yanda
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2873318.nxml
surname Gu
given-names Jin
surname Chen
given-names Yang
surname Li
given-names Shao
surname Li
given-names Yanda
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2876063.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Huiqing
surname Brannon
given-names Angela R
surname Reddy
given-names Anupama R
surname Alexe
given-names Gabriela
surname Seiler
given-names Michael W
surname Arreola
given-names Alexandra
surname Oza
given-names Jay H
surname Yao
given-names Ming
surname Juan
given-names David
surname Liou
given-names Louis S
surname Ganesan
given-names Shridar
surname Levine
given-names Arnold J
surname Rathmell
given-names WK
surname Bhanot
given-names Gyan V
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2876063.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Huiqing
surname Brannon
given-names Angela R
surname Reddy
given-names Anupama R
surname Alexe
given-names Gabriela
surname Seiler
given-names Michael W
surname Arreola
given-names Alexandra
surname Oza
given-names Jay H
surname Yao
given-names Ming
surname Juan
given-names David
surname Liou
given-names Louis S
surname Ganesan
given-names Shridar
surname Levine
given-names Arnold J
surname Rathmell
given-names WK
surname Bhanot
given-names Gyan V
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2877006.nxml
surname de Jong
given-names Hidde
surname Ranquet
given-names Caroline
surname Ropers
given-names Delphine
surname Pinel
given-names Corinne
surname Geiselmann
given-names Johannes
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2873316.nxml
surname Piruzian
given-names Eleonora
surname Bruskin
given-names Sergey
surname Ishkin
given-names Alex
surname Abdeev
given-names Rustam
surname Moshkovskii
given-names Sergey
surname Melnik
given-names Stanislav
surname Nikolsky
given-names Yuri
surname Nikolskaya
given-names Tatiana
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2936295.nxml
surname Kaleta
given-names Christoph
surname Göhler
given-names Anna
surname Schuster
given-names Stefan
surname Jahreis
given-names Knut
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Nikolajewa
given-names Swetlana
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3012048.nxml
surname Gu
given-names Fei
surname Hsu
given-names Hang-Kai
surname Hsu
given-names Pei-Yin
surname Wu
given-names Jiejun
surname Ma
given-names Yilin
surname Parvin
given-names Jeffrey
surname Huang
given-names Tim H-M
surname Jin
given-names Victor X
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3014970.nxml
surname Valgepea
given-names Kaspar
surname Adamberg
given-names Kaarel
surname Nahku
given-names Ranno
surname Lahtvee
given-names Petri-Jaan
surname Arike
given-names Liisa
surname Vilu
given-names Raivo
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3019180.nxml
surname Xu
given-names Huilei
surname Lemischka
given-names Ihor R
surname Ma'ayan
given-names Avi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2164963.nxml
surname Werner
given-names Maria
surname Ernberg
given-names Ingemar
surname Zou
given-names JieZhi
surname Almqvist
given-names Jenny
surname Aurell
given-names Erik
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2225983.nxml
surname Lemay
given-names Danielle G
surname Neville
given-names Margaret C
surname Rudolph
given-names Michael C
surname Pollard
given-names Katherine S
surname German
given-names J Bruce
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4574162.nxml
surname Peñagaricano
given-names Francisco
surname Valente
given-names Bruno D.
surname Steibel
given-names Juan P.
surname Bates
given-names Ronald O.
surname Ernst
given-names Catherine W.
surname Khatib
given-names Hasan
surname Rosa
given-names Guilherme JM
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2277374.nxml
surname Weston
given-names David J
surname Gunter
given-names Lee E
surname Rogers
given-names Alistair
surname Wullschleger
given-names Stan D
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2441606.nxml
surname Huang
given-names XiaoDong
surname Wang
given-names Jean YJ
surname Lu
given-names Xin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2441606.nxml
surname Huang
given-names XiaoDong
surname Wang
given-names Jean YJ
surname Lu
given-names Xin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2430022.nxml
surname Reymann
given-names Susanne
surname Borlak
given-names Jürgen
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3022651.nxml
surname Li
given-names Xinzhong
surname Thomason
given-names Peter A
surname Withers
given-names Dominic J
surname Scott
given-names James
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3022651.nxml
surname Li
given-names Xinzhong
surname Thomason
given-names Peter A
surname Withers
given-names Dominic J
surname Scott
given-names James
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3022651.nxml
surname Li
given-names Xinzhong
surname Thomason
given-names Peter A
surname Withers
given-names Dominic J
surname Scott
given-names James
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3022651.nxml
surname Li
given-names Xinzhong
surname Thomason
given-names Peter A
surname Withers
given-names Dominic J
surname Scott
given-names James
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3022651.nxml
surname Li
given-names Xinzhong
surname Thomason
given-names Peter A
surname Withers
given-names Dominic J
surname Scott
given-names James
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3022651.nxml
surname Li
given-names Xinzhong
surname Thomason
given-names Peter A
surname Withers
given-names Dominic J
surname Scott
given-names James
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2917432.nxml
surname Yu
given-names Hong
surname Huang
given-names Jialiang
surname Qiao
given-names Nan
surname Green
given-names Christopher D
surname Han
given-names Jing-Dong J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2917432.nxml
surname Yu
given-names Hong
surname Huang
given-names Jialiang
surname Qiao
given-names Nan
surname Green
given-names Christopher D
surname Han
given-names Jing-Dong J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2917432.nxml
surname Yu
given-names Hong
surname Huang
given-names Jialiang
surname Qiao
given-names Nan
surname Green
given-names Christopher D
surname Han
given-names Jing-Dong J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2917432.nxml
surname Yu
given-names Hong
surname Huang
given-names Jialiang
surname Qiao
given-names Nan
surname Green
given-names Christopher D
surname Han
given-names Jing-Dong J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2892459.nxml
surname Raza
given-names Sobia
surname McDerment
given-names Neil
surname Lacaze
given-names Paul A
surname Robertson
given-names Kevin
surname Watterson
given-names Steven
surname Chen
given-names Ying
surname Chisholm
given-names Michael
surname Eleftheriadis
given-names George
surname Monk
given-names Stephanie
surname O'Sullivan
given-names Maire
surname Turnbull
given-names Arran
surname Roy
given-names Douglas
surname Theocharidis
given-names Athanasios
surname Ghazal
given-names Peter
surname Freeman
given-names Tom C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2892459.nxml
surname Raza
given-names Sobia
surname McDerment
given-names Neil
surname Lacaze
given-names Paul A
surname Robertson
given-names Kevin
surname Watterson
given-names Steven
surname Chen
given-names Ying
surname Chisholm
given-names Michael
surname Eleftheriadis
given-names George
surname Monk
given-names Stephanie
surname O'Sullivan
given-names Maire
surname Turnbull
given-names Arran
surname Roy
given-names Douglas
surname Theocharidis
given-names Athanasios
surname Ghazal
given-names Peter
surname Freeman
given-names Tom C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2892459.nxml
surname Raza
given-names Sobia
surname McDerment
given-names Neil
surname Lacaze
given-names Paul A
surname Robertson
given-names Kevin
surname Watterson
given-names Steven
surname Chen
given-names Ying
surname Chisholm
given-names Michael
surname Eleftheriadis
given-names George
surname Monk
given-names Stephanie
surname O'Sullivan
given-names Maire
surname Turnbull
given-names Arran
surname Roy
given-names Douglas
surname Theocharidis
given-names Athanasios
surname Ghazal
given-names Peter
surname Freeman
given-names Tom C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2905341.nxml
surname Shoemaker
given-names Jason E
surname Gayen
given-names Kalyan
surname Garcia-Reyero
given-names Natàlia
surname Perkins
given-names Edward J
surname Villeneuve
given-names Daniel L
surname Liu
given-names Li
surname Doyle
given-names Francis J
suffix III
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2893085.nxml
surname Davidson
given-names Carla J
surname Narang
given-names Atul
surname Surette
given-names Michael G
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2893085.nxml
surname Davidson
given-names Carla J
surname Narang
given-names Atul
surname Surette
given-names Michael G
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2893085.nxml
surname Davidson
given-names Carla J
surname Narang
given-names Atul
surname Surette
given-names Michael G
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2892460.nxml
surname Chavali
given-names Sreenivas
surname Barrenas
given-names Fredrik
surname Kanduri
given-names Kartiek
surname Benson
given-names Mikael
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2892460.nxml
surname Chavali
given-names Sreenivas
surname Barrenas
given-names Fredrik
surname Kanduri
given-names Kartiek
surname Benson
given-names Mikael
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2892460.nxml
surname Chavali
given-names Sreenivas
surname Barrenas
given-names Fredrik
surname Kanduri
given-names Kartiek
surname Benson
given-names Mikael
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2892460.nxml
surname Chavali
given-names Sreenivas
surname Barrenas
given-names Fredrik
surname Kanduri
given-names Kartiek
surname Benson
given-names Mikael
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2856555.nxml
surname Lee
given-names Jong-Min
surname Zhang
given-names Jie
surname Su
given-names Andrew I
surname Walker
given-names John R
surname Wiltshire
given-names Tim
surname Kang
given-names Kihwa
surname Dragileva
given-names Ella
surname Gillis
given-names Tammy
surname Lopez
given-names Edith T
surname Boily
given-names Marie-Josee
surname Cyr
given-names Michel
surname Kohane
given-names Isaac
surname Gusella
given-names James F
surname MacDonald
given-names Marcy E
surname Wheeler
given-names Vanessa C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2856555.nxml
surname Lee
given-names Jong-Min
surname Zhang
given-names Jie
surname Su
given-names Andrew I
surname Walker
given-names John R
surname Wiltshire
given-names Tim
surname Kang
given-names Kihwa
surname Dragileva
given-names Ella
surname Gillis
given-names Tammy
surname Lopez
given-names Edith T
surname Boily
given-names Marie-Josee
surname Cyr
given-names Michel
surname Kohane
given-names Isaac
surname Gusella
given-names James F
surname MacDonald
given-names Marcy E
surname Wheeler
given-names Vanessa C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2856555.nxml
surname Lee
given-names Jong-Min
surname Zhang
given-names Jie
surname Su
given-names Andrew I
surname Walker
given-names John R
surname Wiltshire
given-names Tim
surname Kang
given-names Kihwa
surname Dragileva
given-names Ella
surname Gillis
given-names Tammy
surname Lopez
given-names Edith T
surname Boily
given-names Marie-Josee
surname Cyr
given-names Michel
surname Kohane
given-names Isaac
surname Gusella
given-names James F
surname MacDonald
given-names Marcy E
surname Wheeler
given-names Vanessa C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2856555.nxml
surname Lee
given-names Jong-Min
surname Zhang
given-names Jie
surname Su
given-names Andrew I
surname Walker
given-names John R
surname Wiltshire
given-names Tim
surname Kang
given-names Kihwa
surname Dragileva
given-names Ella
surname Gillis
given-names Tammy
surname Lopez
given-names Edith T
surname Boily
given-names Marie-Josee
surname Cyr
given-names Michel
surname Kohane
given-names Isaac
surname Gusella
given-names James F
surname MacDonald
given-names Marcy E
surname Wheeler
given-names Vanessa C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2856555.nxml
surname Lee
given-names Jong-Min
surname Zhang
given-names Jie
surname Su
given-names Andrew I
surname Walker
given-names John R
surname Wiltshire
given-names Tim
surname Kang
given-names Kihwa
surname Dragileva
given-names Ella
surname Gillis
given-names Tammy
surname Lopez
given-names Edith T
surname Boily
given-names Marie-Josee
surname Cyr
given-names Michel
surname Kohane
given-names Isaac
surname Gusella
given-names James F
surname MacDonald
given-names Marcy E
surname Wheeler
given-names Vanessa C
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2880973.nxml
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Pang
given-names Wyming L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-yin
surname Whitehead
given-names Kenia
surname Koide
given-names Tie
surname Masumura
given-names Ken-ichi
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Larsen
given-names David J
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Hoang
given-names Linh
surname Kalisiak
given-names Ewa
surname Northen
given-names Trent
surname Trauger
given-names Sunia A
surname Siuzdak
given-names Gary
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2880973.nxml
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Pang
given-names Wyming L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-yin
surname Whitehead
given-names Kenia
surname Koide
given-names Tie
surname Masumura
given-names Ken-ichi
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Larsen
given-names David J
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Hoang
given-names Linh
surname Kalisiak
given-names Ewa
surname Northen
given-names Trent
surname Trauger
given-names Sunia A
surname Siuzdak
given-names Gary
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2880973.nxml
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Pang
given-names Wyming L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-yin
surname Whitehead
given-names Kenia
surname Koide
given-names Tie
surname Masumura
given-names Ken-ichi
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Larsen
given-names David J
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Hoang
given-names Linh
surname Kalisiak
given-names Ewa
surname Northen
given-names Trent
surname Trauger
given-names Sunia A
surname Siuzdak
given-names Gary
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2880289.nxml
surname Chari
given-names Raj
surname Coe
given-names Bradley P
surname Vucic
given-names Emily A
surname Lockwood
given-names William W
surname Lam
given-names Wan L
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2880289.nxml
surname Chari
given-names Raj
surname Coe
given-names Bradley P
surname Vucic
given-names Emily A
surname Lockwood
given-names William W
surname Lam
given-names Wan L
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2890502.nxml
surname Ren
given-names Xianwen
surname Zhou
given-names Xiaobo
surname Wu
given-names Ling-Yun
surname Zhang
given-names Xiang-Sun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2596796.nxml
surname Waardenberg
given-names Ashley J
surname Reverter
given-names Antonio
surname Wells
given-names Christine A
surname Dalrymple
given-names Brian P
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2596796.nxml
surname Waardenberg
given-names Ashley J
surname Reverter
given-names Antonio
surname Wells
given-names Christine A
surname Dalrymple
given-names Brian P
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2689187.nxml
surname Zare
given-names Hossein
surname Sangurdekar
given-names Dipen
surname Srivastava
given-names Poonam
surname Kaveh
given-names Mostafa
surname Khodursky
given-names Arkady
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2689187.nxml
surname Zare
given-names Hossein
surname Sangurdekar
given-names Dipen
surname Srivastava
given-names Poonam
surname Kaveh
given-names Mostafa
surname Khodursky
given-names Arkady
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2689187.nxml
surname Zare
given-names Hossein
surname Sangurdekar
given-names Dipen
surname Srivastava
given-names Poonam
surname Kaveh
given-names Mostafa
surname Khodursky
given-names Arkady
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2686685.nxml
surname Shimamura
given-names Teppei
surname Imoto
given-names Seiya
surname Yamaguchi
given-names Rui
surname Fujita
given-names André
surname Nagasaki
given-names Masao
surname Miyano
given-names Satoru
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2686685.nxml
surname Shimamura
given-names Teppei
surname Imoto
given-names Seiya
surname Yamaguchi
given-names Rui
surname Fujita
given-names André
surname Nagasaki
given-names Masao
surname Miyano
given-names Satoru
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2686685.nxml
surname Shimamura
given-names Teppei
surname Imoto
given-names Seiya
surname Yamaguchi
given-names Rui
surname Fujita
given-names André
surname Nagasaki
given-names Masao
surname Miyano
given-names Satoru
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2653464.nxml
surname Mobini
given-names Reza
surname Andersson
given-names Bengt A
surname Erjefält
given-names Jonas
surname Hahn-Zoric
given-names Mirjana
surname Langston
given-names Michael A
surname Perkins
given-names Andy D
surname Cardell
given-names Lars Olaf
surname Benson
given-names Mikael
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2653464.nxml
surname Mobini
given-names Reza
surname Andersson
given-names Bengt A
surname Erjefält
given-names Jonas
surname Hahn-Zoric
given-names Mirjana
surname Langston
given-names Michael A
surname Perkins
given-names Andy D
surname Cardell
given-names Lars Olaf
surname Benson
given-names Mikael
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2653464.nxml
surname Mobini
given-names Reza
surname Andersson
given-names Bengt A
surname Erjefält
given-names Jonas
surname Hahn-Zoric
given-names Mirjana
surname Langston
given-names Michael A
surname Perkins
given-names Andy D
surname Cardell
given-names Lars Olaf
surname Benson
given-names Mikael
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2661886.nxml
surname Cimini
given-names Donatella
surname Patil
given-names Kiran R
surname Schiraldi
given-names Chiara
surname Nielsen
given-names Jens
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2661886.nxml
surname Cimini
given-names Donatella
surname Patil
given-names Kiran R
surname Schiraldi
given-names Chiara
surname Nielsen
given-names Jens
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2657775.nxml
surname Mohammad
given-names Farhan
surname Singh
given-names Priyanka
surname Sharma
given-names Abhay
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2657775.nxml
surname Mohammad
given-names Farhan
surname Singh
given-names Priyanka
surname Sharma
given-names Abhay
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2657775.nxml
surname Mohammad
given-names Farhan
surname Singh
given-names Priyanka
surname Sharma
given-names Abhay
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2902438.nxml
surname Shi
given-names Zhiao
surname Derow
given-names Catherine K
surname Zhang
given-names Bing
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002901.nxml
surname Trümbach
given-names Dietrich
surname Graf
given-names Cornelia
surname Pütz
given-names Benno
surname Kühne
given-names Claudia
surname Panhuysen
given-names Marcus
surname Weber
given-names Peter
surname Holsboer
given-names Florian
surname Wurst
given-names Wolfgang
surname Welzl
given-names Gerhard
surname Deussing
given-names Jan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002901.nxml
surname Trümbach
given-names Dietrich
surname Graf
given-names Cornelia
surname Pütz
given-names Benno
surname Kühne
given-names Claudia
surname Panhuysen
given-names Marcus
surname Weber
given-names Peter
surname Holsboer
given-names Florian
surname Wurst
given-names Wolfgang
surname Welzl
given-names Gerhard
surname Deussing
given-names Jan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002901.nxml
surname Trümbach
given-names Dietrich
surname Graf
given-names Cornelia
surname Pütz
given-names Benno
surname Kühne
given-names Claudia
surname Panhuysen
given-names Marcus
surname Weber
given-names Peter
surname Holsboer
given-names Florian
surname Wurst
given-names Wolfgang
surname Welzl
given-names Gerhard
surname Deussing
given-names Jan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225866.nxml
surname Schramm
given-names Gunnar
surname Kannabiran
given-names Nandakumar
surname König
given-names Rainer
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225866.nxml
surname Schramm
given-names Gunnar
surname Kannabiran
given-names Nandakumar
surname König
given-names Rainer
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002314.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Hua
surname Luo
given-names Li
surname Hong
given-names Shengjun
surname Siu
given-names Hoicheong
surname Xiao
given-names Yanghua
surname Jin
given-names Li
surname Chen
given-names Rui
surname Xiong
given-names Momiao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002314.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Hua
surname Luo
given-names Li
surname Hong
given-names Shengjun
surname Siu
given-names Hoicheong
surname Xiao
given-names Yanghua
surname Jin
given-names Li
surname Chen
given-names Rui
surname Xiong
given-names Momiao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002314.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Hua
surname Luo
given-names Li
surname Hong
given-names Shengjun
surname Siu
given-names Hoicheong
surname Xiao
given-names Yanghua
surname Jin
given-names Li
surname Chen
given-names Rui
surname Xiong
given-names Momiao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002314.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Hua
surname Luo
given-names Li
surname Hong
given-names Shengjun
surname Siu
given-names Hoicheong
surname Xiao
given-names Yanghua
surname Jin
given-names Li
surname Chen
given-names Rui
surname Xiong
given-names Momiao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002314.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Hua
surname Luo
given-names Li
surname Hong
given-names Shengjun
surname Siu
given-names Hoicheong
surname Xiao
given-names Yanghua
surname Jin
given-names Li
surname Chen
given-names Rui
surname Xiong
given-names Momiao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002314.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Hua
surname Luo
given-names Li
surname Hong
given-names Shengjun
surname Siu
given-names Hoicheong
surname Xiao
given-names Yanghua
surname Jin
given-names Li
surname Chen
given-names Rui
surname Xiong
given-names Momiao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002314.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Hua
surname Luo
given-names Li
surname Hong
given-names Shengjun
surname Siu
given-names Hoicheong
surname Xiao
given-names Yanghua
surname Jin
given-names Li
surname Chen
given-names Rui
surname Xiong
given-names Momiao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002314.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Hua
surname Luo
given-names Li
surname Hong
given-names Shengjun
surname Siu
given-names Hoicheong
surname Xiao
given-names Yanghua
surname Jin
given-names Li
surname Chen
given-names Rui
surname Xiong
given-names Momiao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002314.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Hua
surname Luo
given-names Li
surname Hong
given-names Shengjun
surname Siu
given-names Hoicheong
surname Xiao
given-names Yanghua
surname Jin
given-names Li
surname Chen
given-names Rui
surname Xiong
given-names Momiao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002314.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Hua
surname Luo
given-names Li
surname Hong
given-names Shengjun
surname Siu
given-names Hoicheong
surname Xiao
given-names Yanghua
surname Jin
given-names Li
surname Chen
given-names Rui
surname Xiong
given-names Momiao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002314.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Hua
surname Luo
given-names Li
surname Hong
given-names Shengjun
surname Siu
given-names Hoicheong
surname Xiao
given-names Yanghua
surname Jin
given-names Li
surname Chen
given-names Rui
surname Xiong
given-names Momiao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002314.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Hua
surname Luo
given-names Li
surname Hong
given-names Shengjun
surname Siu
given-names Hoicheong
surname Xiao
given-names Yanghua
surname Jin
given-names Li
surname Chen
given-names Rui
surname Xiong
given-names Momiao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002314.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Hua
surname Luo
given-names Li
surname Hong
given-names Shengjun
surname Siu
given-names Hoicheong
surname Xiao
given-names Yanghua
surname Jin
given-names Li
surname Chen
given-names Rui
surname Xiong
given-names Momiao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3002314.nxml
surname Dong
given-names Hua
surname Luo
given-names Li
surname Hong
given-names Shengjun
surname Siu
given-names Hoicheong
surname Xiao
given-names Yanghua
surname Jin
given-names Li
surname Chen
given-names Rui
surname Xiong
given-names Momiao
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3012047.nxml
surname Warsow
given-names Gregor
surname Greber
given-names Boris
surname Falk
given-names Steffi SI
surname Harder
given-names Clemens
surname Siatkowski
given-names Marcin
surname Schordan
given-names Sandra
surname Som
given-names Anup
surname Endlich
given-names Nicole
surname Schöler
given-names Hans
surname Repsilber
given-names Dirk
surname Endlich
given-names Karlhans
surname Fuellen
given-names Georg
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3012047.nxml
surname Warsow
given-names Gregor
surname Greber
given-names Boris
surname Falk
given-names Steffi SI
surname Harder
given-names Clemens
surname Siatkowski
given-names Marcin
surname Schordan
given-names Sandra
surname Som
given-names Anup
surname Endlich
given-names Nicole
surname Schöler
given-names Hans
surname Repsilber
given-names Dirk
surname Endlich
given-names Karlhans
surname Fuellen
given-names Georg
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3012047.nxml
surname Warsow
given-names Gregor
surname Greber
given-names Boris
surname Falk
given-names Steffi SI
surname Harder
given-names Clemens
surname Siatkowski
given-names Marcin
surname Schordan
given-names Sandra
surname Som
given-names Anup
surname Endlich
given-names Nicole
surname Schöler
given-names Hans
surname Repsilber
given-names Dirk
surname Endlich
given-names Karlhans
surname Fuellen
given-names Georg
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225826.nxml
surname Su
given-names Naifang
surname Wang
given-names Yufu
surname Qian
given-names Minping
surname Deng
given-names Minghua
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225826.nxml
surname Su
given-names Naifang
surname Wang
given-names Yufu
surname Qian
given-names Minping
surname Deng
given-names Minghua
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225826.nxml
surname Su
given-names Naifang
surname Wang
given-names Yufu
surname Qian
given-names Minping
surname Deng
given-names Minghua
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225826.nxml
surname Su
given-names Naifang
surname Wang
given-names Yufu
surname Qian
given-names Minping
surname Deng
given-names Minghua
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225826.nxml
surname Su
given-names Naifang
surname Wang
given-names Yufu
surname Qian
given-names Minping
surname Deng
given-names Minghua
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225826.nxml
surname Su
given-names Naifang
surname Wang
given-names Yufu
surname Qian
given-names Minping
surname Deng
given-names Minghua
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225826.nxml
surname Su
given-names Naifang
surname Wang
given-names Yufu
surname Qian
given-names Minping
surname Deng
given-names Minghua
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225826.nxml
surname Su
given-names Naifang
surname Wang
given-names Yufu
surname Qian
given-names Minping
surname Deng
given-names Minghua
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2990745.nxml
surname Yao
given-names Chen
surname Li
given-names Hongdong
surname Zhou
given-names Chenggui
surname Zhang
given-names Lin
surname Zou
given-names Jinfeng
surname Guo
given-names Zheng
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2990745.nxml
surname Yao
given-names Chen
surname Li
given-names Hongdong
surname Zhou
given-names Chenggui
surname Zhang
given-names Lin
surname Zou
given-names Jinfeng
surname Guo
given-names Zheng
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2978157.nxml
surname Lin
given-names Chen-Ching
surname Hsiang
given-names Jen-Tsung
surname Wu
given-names Chia-Yi
surname Oyang
given-names Yen-Jen
surname Juan
given-names Hsueh-Fen
surname Huang
given-names Hsuan-Cheng
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2978157.nxml
surname Lin
given-names Chen-Ching
surname Hsiang
given-names Jen-Tsung
surname Wu
given-names Chia-Yi
surname Oyang
given-names Yen-Jen
surname Juan
given-names Hsueh-Fen
surname Huang
given-names Hsuan-Cheng
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2978157.nxml
surname Lin
given-names Chen-Ching
surname Hsiang
given-names Jen-Tsung
surname Wu
given-names Chia-Yi
surname Oyang
given-names Yen-Jen
surname Juan
given-names Hsueh-Fen
surname Huang
given-names Hsuan-Cheng
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2978157.nxml
surname Lin
given-names Chen-Ching
surname Hsiang
given-names Jen-Tsung
surname Wu
given-names Chia-Yi
surname Oyang
given-names Yen-Jen
surname Juan
given-names Hsueh-Fen
surname Huang
given-names Hsuan-Cheng
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2978157.nxml
surname Lin
given-names Chen-Ching
surname Hsiang
given-names Jen-Tsung
surname Wu
given-names Chia-Yi
surname Oyang
given-names Yen-Jen
surname Juan
given-names Hsueh-Fen
surname Huang
given-names Hsuan-Cheng
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC1885270.nxml
surname Li
given-names Zheng
surname Srivastava
given-names Shireesh
surname Yang
given-names Xuerui
surname Mittal
given-names Sheenu
surname Norton
given-names Paul
surname Resau
given-names James
surname Haab
given-names Brian
surname Chan
given-names Christina
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2982685.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Zhi-Ping
surname Wang
given-names Yong
surname Zhang
given-names Xiang-Sun
surname Chen
given-names Luonan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2982694.nxml
surname Wu
given-names Zikai
surname Zhao
given-names Xing-Ming
surname Chen
given-names Luonan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2982694.nxml
surname Wu
given-names Zikai
surname Zhao
given-names Xing-Ming
surname Chen
given-names Luonan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2982694.nxml
surname Wu
given-names Zikai
surname Zhao
given-names Xing-Ming
surname Chen
given-names Luonan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2982694.nxml
surname Wu
given-names Zikai
surname Zhao
given-names Xing-Ming
surname Chen
given-names Luonan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2982694.nxml
surname Wu
given-names Zikai
surname Zhao
given-names Xing-Ming
surname Chen
given-names Luonan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2992512.nxml
surname Komurov
given-names Kakajan
surname Ram
given-names Prahlad T
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2992512.nxml
surname Komurov
given-names Kakajan
surname Ram
given-names Prahlad T
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2992512.nxml
surname Komurov
given-names Kakajan
surname Ram
given-names Prahlad T
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2992512.nxml
surname Komurov
given-names Kakajan
surname Ram
given-names Prahlad T
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2992512.nxml
surname Komurov
given-names Kakajan
surname Ram
given-names Prahlad T
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2992512.nxml
surname Komurov
given-names Kakajan
surname Ram
given-names Prahlad T
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2992512.nxml
surname Komurov
given-names Kakajan
surname Ram
given-names Prahlad T
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2992512.nxml
surname Komurov
given-names Kakajan
surname Ram
given-names Prahlad T
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2992512.nxml
surname Komurov
given-names Kakajan
surname Ram
given-names Prahlad T
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2992512.nxml
surname Komurov
given-names Kakajan
surname Ram
given-names Prahlad T
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2992512.nxml
surname Komurov
given-names Kakajan
surname Ram
given-names Prahlad T
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2992512.nxml
surname Komurov
given-names Kakajan
surname Ram
given-names Prahlad T
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2992512.nxml
surname Komurov
given-names Kakajan
surname Ram
given-names Prahlad T
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2992512.nxml
surname Komurov
given-names Kakajan
surname Ram
given-names Prahlad T
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2945950.nxml
surname Massa
given-names Maria Sofia
surname Chiogna
given-names Monica
surname Romualdi
given-names Chiara
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2944139.nxml
surname Li
given-names Yunfei
surname Lam
given-names Ka-sum
surname Dasgupta
given-names Nairanjana
surname Ye
given-names Ping
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2944139.nxml
surname Li
given-names Yunfei
surname Lam
given-names Ka-sum
surname Dasgupta
given-names Nairanjana
surname Ye
given-names Ping
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2944139.nxml
surname Li
given-names Yunfei
surname Lam
given-names Ka-sum
surname Dasgupta
given-names Nairanjana
surname Ye
given-names Ping
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4029265.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Wan-Shu
surname Chiang
given-names Jung-Hsien
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4029265.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Wan-Shu
surname Chiang
given-names Jung-Hsien
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4029265.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Wan-Shu
surname Chiang
given-names Jung-Hsien
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4029265.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Wan-Shu
surname Chiang
given-names Jung-Hsien
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4029265.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Wan-Shu
surname Chiang
given-names Jung-Hsien
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4243117.nxml
surname Ganegoda
given-names Gamage Upeksha
surname Wang
given-names JianXin
surname Wu
given-names Fang-Xiang
surname Li
given-names Min
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4243117.nxml
surname Ganegoda
given-names Gamage Upeksha
surname Wang
given-names JianXin
surname Wu
given-names Fang-Xiang
surname Li
given-names Min
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4177180.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Joanne K
surname O’Brien
given-names Edward J
surname Lerman
given-names Joshua A
surname Zengler
given-names Karsten
surname Palsson
given-names Bernhard O
surname Feist
given-names Adam M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4177180.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Joanne K
surname O’Brien
given-names Edward J
surname Lerman
given-names Joshua A
surname Zengler
given-names Karsten
surname Palsson
given-names Bernhard O
surname Feist
given-names Adam M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4177180.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Joanne K
surname O’Brien
given-names Edward J
surname Lerman
given-names Joshua A
surname Zengler
given-names Karsten
surname Palsson
given-names Bernhard O
surname Feist
given-names Adam M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4177180.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Joanne K
surname O’Brien
given-names Edward J
surname Lerman
given-names Joshua A
surname Zengler
given-names Karsten
surname Palsson
given-names Bernhard O
surname Feist
given-names Adam M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4181829.nxml
surname van Dam
given-names Jesse CJ
surname Schaap
given-names Peter J
surname Martins dos Santos
given-names Vitor AP
surname Suárez-Diez
given-names María
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4181829.nxml
surname van Dam
given-names Jesse CJ
surname Schaap
given-names Peter J
surname Martins dos Santos
given-names Vitor AP
surname Suárez-Diez
given-names María
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4181829.nxml
surname van Dam
given-names Jesse CJ
surname Schaap
given-names Peter J
surname Martins dos Santos
given-names Vitor AP
surname Suárez-Diez
given-names María
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4181829.nxml
surname van Dam
given-names Jesse CJ
surname Schaap
given-names Peter J
surname Martins dos Santos
given-names Vitor AP
surname Suárez-Diez
given-names María
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4290683.nxml
surname Srihari
given-names Sriganesh
surname Madhamshettiwar
given-names Piyush B
surname Song
given-names Sarah
surname Liu
given-names Chao
surname Simpson
given-names Peter T
surname Khanna
given-names Kum Kum
surname Ragan
given-names Mark A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4290683.nxml
surname Srihari
given-names Sriganesh
surname Madhamshettiwar
given-names Piyush B
surname Song
given-names Sarah
surname Liu
given-names Chao
surname Simpson
given-names Peter T
surname Khanna
given-names Kum Kum
surname Ragan
given-names Mark A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4290694.nxml
surname Barter
given-names Rebecca L
surname Schramm
given-names Sarah-Jane
surname Mann
given-names Graham J
surname Yang
given-names Yee Hwa
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4290694.nxml
surname Barter
given-names Rebecca L
surname Schramm
given-names Sarah-Jane
surname Mann
given-names Graham J
surname Yang
given-names Yee Hwa
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4307189.nxml
surname Azad
given-names AKM
surname Lawen
given-names Alfons
surname Keith
given-names Jonathan M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4236453.nxml
surname Plaisier
given-names Christopher L
surname Lo
given-names Fang-Yin
surname Ashworth
given-names Justin
surname Brooks
given-names Aaron N
surname Beer
given-names Karlyn D
surname Kaur
given-names Amardeep
surname Pan
given-names Min
surname Reiss
given-names David J
surname Facciotti
given-names Marc T
surname Baliga
given-names Nitin S
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4836190.nxml
surname Andorfer
given-names Peter
surname Heuwieser
given-names Alexander
surname Heinzel
given-names Andreas
surname Lukas
given-names Arno
surname Mayer
given-names Bernd
surname Perco
given-names Paul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4836190.nxml
surname Andorfer
given-names Peter
surname Heuwieser
given-names Alexander
surname Heinzel
given-names Andreas
surname Lukas
given-names Arno
surname Mayer
given-names Bernd
surname Perco
given-names Paul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4836190.nxml
surname Andorfer
given-names Peter
surname Heuwieser
given-names Alexander
surname Heinzel
given-names Andreas
surname Lukas
given-names Arno
surname Mayer
given-names Bernd
surname Perco
given-names Paul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4875653.nxml
surname Yang
given-names Jing
surname Wu
given-names Su-Juan
surname Yang
given-names Shao-You
surname Peng
given-names Jia-Wei
surname Wang
given-names Shi-Nuo
surname Wang
given-names Fu-Yan
surname Song
given-names Yu-Xing
surname Qi
given-names Ting
surname Li
given-names Yi-Xue
surname Li
given-names Yuan-Yuan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4875653.nxml
surname Yang
given-names Jing
surname Wu
given-names Su-Juan
surname Yang
given-names Shao-You
surname Peng
given-names Jia-Wei
surname Wang
given-names Shi-Nuo
surname Wang
given-names Fu-Yan
surname Song
given-names Yu-Xing
surname Qi
given-names Ting
surname Li
given-names Yi-Xue
surname Li
given-names Yuan-Yuan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4895727.nxml
surname Qin
given-names Wenyi
surname Liu
given-names Cong
surname Sodhi
given-names Monsheel
surname Lu
given-names Hui
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4895727.nxml
surname Qin
given-names Wenyi
surname Liu
given-names Cong
surname Sodhi
given-names Monsheel
surname Lu
given-names Hui
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2857823.nxml
surname Swain
given-names Suresh
surname Wren
given-names Jodie F
surname Stürzenbaum
given-names Stephen R
surname Kille
given-names Peter
surname Morgan
given-names A John
surname Jager
given-names Tjalling
surname Jonker
given-names Martijs J
surname Hankard
given-names Peter K
surname Svendsen
given-names Claus
surname Owen
given-names Jenifer
surname Hedley
given-names B Ann
surname Blaxter
given-names Mark
surname Spurgeon
given-names David J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2857823.nxml
surname Swain
given-names Suresh
surname Wren
given-names Jodie F
surname Stürzenbaum
given-names Stephen R
surname Kille
given-names Peter
surname Morgan
given-names A John
surname Jager
given-names Tjalling
surname Jonker
given-names Martijs J
surname Hankard
given-names Peter K
surname Svendsen
given-names Claus
surname Owen
given-names Jenifer
surname Hedley
given-names B Ann
surname Blaxter
given-names Mark
surname Spurgeon
given-names David J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2857823.nxml
surname Swain
given-names Suresh
surname Wren
given-names Jodie F
surname Stürzenbaum
given-names Stephen R
surname Kille
given-names Peter
surname Morgan
given-names A John
surname Jager
given-names Tjalling
surname Jonker
given-names Martijs J
surname Hankard
given-names Peter K
surname Svendsen
given-names Claus
surname Owen
given-names Jenifer
surname Hedley
given-names B Ann
surname Blaxter
given-names Mark
surname Spurgeon
given-names David J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977481.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Yongchao
surname Loewer
given-names Martin
surname Aluru
given-names Srinivas
surname Schmidt
given-names Bertil
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977481.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Yongchao
surname Loewer
given-names Martin
surname Aluru
given-names Srinivas
surname Schmidt
given-names Bertil
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977481.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Yongchao
surname Loewer
given-names Martin
surname Aluru
given-names Srinivas
surname Schmidt
given-names Bertil
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977481.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Yongchao
surname Loewer
given-names Martin
surname Aluru
given-names Srinivas
surname Schmidt
given-names Bertil
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977481.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Yongchao
surname Loewer
given-names Martin
surname Aluru
given-names Srinivas
surname Schmidt
given-names Bertil
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977481.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Yongchao
surname Loewer
given-names Martin
surname Aluru
given-names Srinivas
surname Schmidt
given-names Bertil
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977481.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Yongchao
surname Loewer
given-names Martin
surname Aluru
given-names Srinivas
surname Schmidt
given-names Bertil
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977481.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Yongchao
surname Loewer
given-names Martin
surname Aluru
given-names Srinivas
surname Schmidt
given-names Bertil
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977481.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Yongchao
surname Loewer
given-names Martin
surname Aluru
given-names Srinivas
surname Schmidt
given-names Bertil
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977481.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Yongchao
surname Loewer
given-names Martin
surname Aluru
given-names Srinivas
surname Schmidt
given-names Bertil
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977481.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Yongchao
surname Loewer
given-names Martin
surname Aluru
given-names Srinivas
surname Schmidt
given-names Bertil
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977481.nxml
surname Liu
given-names Yongchao
surname Loewer
given-names Martin
surname Aluru
given-names Srinivas
surname Schmidt
given-names Bertil
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977482.nxml
surname Chen
given-names Pei
surname Li
given-names Yongjun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977482.nxml
surname Chen
given-names Pei
surname Li
given-names Yongjun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977482.nxml
surname Chen
given-names Pei
surname Li
given-names Yongjun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977482.nxml
surname Chen
given-names Pei
surname Li
given-names Yongjun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977478.nxml
surname Kim
given-names Seong Gon
surname Theera-Ampornpunt
given-names Nawanol
surname Fang
given-names Chih-Hao
surname Harwani
given-names Mrudul
surname Grama
given-names Ananth
surname Chaterji
given-names Somali
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC4977478.nxml
surname Kim
given-names Seong Gon
surname Theera-Ampornpunt
given-names Nawanol
surname Fang
given-names Chih-Hao
surname Harwani
given-names Mrudul
surname Grama
given-names Ananth
surname Chaterji
given-names Somali
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5011974.nxml
surname Nazarieh
given-names Maryam
surname Wiese
given-names Andreas
surname Will
given-names Thorsten
surname Hamed
given-names Mohamed
surname Helms
given-names Volkhard
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5111277.nxml
surname McKenzie
given-names Andrew T.
surname Katsyv
given-names Igor
surname Song
given-names Won-Min
surname Wang
given-names Minghui
surname Zhang
given-names Bin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5111277.nxml
surname McKenzie
given-names Andrew T.
surname Katsyv
given-names Igor
surname Song
given-names Won-Min
surname Wang
given-names Minghui
surname Zhang
given-names Bin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5111277.nxml
surname McKenzie
given-names Andrew T.
surname Katsyv
given-names Igor
surname Song
given-names Won-Min
surname Wang
given-names Minghui
surname Zhang
given-names Bin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5111277.nxml
surname McKenzie
given-names Andrew T.
surname Katsyv
given-names Igor
surname Song
given-names Won-Min
surname Wang
given-names Minghui
surname Zhang
given-names Bin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5111277.nxml
surname McKenzie
given-names Andrew T.
surname Katsyv
given-names Igor
surname Song
given-names Won-Min
surname Wang
given-names Minghui
surname Zhang
given-names Bin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5111277.nxml
surname McKenzie
given-names Andrew T.
surname Katsyv
given-names Igor
surname Song
given-names Won-Min
surname Wang
given-names Minghui
surname Zhang
given-names Bin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5111277.nxml
surname McKenzie
given-names Andrew T.
surname Katsyv
given-names Igor
surname Song
given-names Won-Min
surname Wang
given-names Minghui
surname Zhang
given-names Bin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5111277.nxml
surname McKenzie
given-names Andrew T.
surname Katsyv
given-names Igor
surname Song
given-names Won-Min
surname Wang
given-names Minghui
surname Zhang
given-names Bin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5111277.nxml
surname McKenzie
given-names Andrew T.
surname Katsyv
given-names Igor
surname Song
given-names Won-Min
surname Wang
given-names Minghui
surname Zhang
given-names Bin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5111277.nxml
surname McKenzie
given-names Andrew T.
surname Katsyv
given-names Igor
surname Song
given-names Won-Min
surname Wang
given-names Minghui
surname Zhang
given-names Bin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5111277.nxml
surname McKenzie
given-names Andrew T.
surname Katsyv
given-names Igor
surname Song
given-names Won-Min
surname Wang
given-names Minghui
surname Zhang
given-names Bin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5111277.nxml
surname McKenzie
given-names Andrew T.
surname Katsyv
given-names Igor
surname Song
given-names Won-Min
surname Wang
given-names Minghui
surname Zhang
given-names Bin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5111277.nxml
surname McKenzie
given-names Andrew T.
surname Katsyv
given-names Igor
surname Song
given-names Won-Min
surname Wang
given-names Minghui
surname Zhang
given-names Bin
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3403121.nxml
surname Zeng
given-names Tao
surname Chen
given-names Luonan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3403121.nxml
surname Zeng
given-names Tao
surname Chen
given-names Luonan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009817.nxml
surname Wan
given-names Ying-Wooi
surname Allen
given-names Genevera I.
surname Baker
given-names Yulia
surname Yang
given-names Eunho
surname Ravikumar
given-names Pradeep
surname Anderson
given-names Matthew
surname Liu
given-names Zhandong
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009817.nxml
surname Wan
given-names Ying-Wooi
surname Allen
given-names Genevera I.
surname Baker
given-names Yulia
surname Yang
given-names Eunho
surname Ravikumar
given-names Pradeep
surname Anderson
given-names Matthew
surname Liu
given-names Zhandong
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009817.nxml
surname Wan
given-names Ying-Wooi
surname Allen
given-names Genevera I.
surname Baker
given-names Yulia
surname Yang
given-names Eunho
surname Ravikumar
given-names Pradeep
surname Anderson
given-names Matthew
surname Liu
given-names Zhandong
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009817.nxml
surname Wan
given-names Ying-Wooi
surname Allen
given-names Genevera I.
surname Baker
given-names Yulia
surname Yang
given-names Eunho
surname Ravikumar
given-names Pradeep
surname Anderson
given-names Matthew
surname Liu
given-names Zhandong
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009817.nxml
surname Wan
given-names Ying-Wooi
surname Allen
given-names Genevera I.
surname Baker
given-names Yulia
surname Yang
given-names Eunho
surname Ravikumar
given-names Pradeep
surname Anderson
given-names Matthew
surname Liu
given-names Zhandong
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009817.nxml
surname Wan
given-names Ying-Wooi
surname Allen
given-names Genevera I.
surname Baker
given-names Yulia
surname Yang
given-names Eunho
surname Ravikumar
given-names Pradeep
surname Anderson
given-names Matthew
surname Liu
given-names Zhandong
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009817.nxml
surname Wan
given-names Ying-Wooi
surname Allen
given-names Genevera I.
surname Baker
given-names Yulia
surname Yang
given-names Eunho
surname Ravikumar
given-names Pradeep
surname Anderson
given-names Matthew
surname Liu
given-names Zhandong
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009817.nxml
surname Wan
given-names Ying-Wooi
surname Allen
given-names Genevera I.
surname Baker
given-names Yulia
surname Yang
given-names Eunho
surname Ravikumar
given-names Pradeep
surname Anderson
given-names Matthew
surname Liu
given-names Zhandong
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009817.nxml
surname Wan
given-names Ying-Wooi
surname Allen
given-names Genevera I.
surname Baker
given-names Yulia
surname Yang
given-names Eunho
surname Ravikumar
given-names Pradeep
surname Anderson
given-names Matthew
surname Liu
given-names Zhandong
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009820.nxml
surname Vural
given-names Suleyman
surname Wang
given-names Xiaosheng
surname Guda
given-names Chittibabu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009820.nxml
surname Vural
given-names Suleyman
surname Wang
given-names Xiaosheng
surname Guda
given-names Chittibabu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009820.nxml
surname Vural
given-names Suleyman
surname Wang
given-names Xiaosheng
surname Guda
given-names Chittibabu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009820.nxml
surname Vural
given-names Suleyman
surname Wang
given-names Xiaosheng
surname Guda
given-names Chittibabu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009820.nxml
surname Vural
given-names Suleyman
surname Wang
given-names Xiaosheng
surname Guda
given-names Chittibabu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009820.nxml
surname Vural
given-names Suleyman
surname Wang
given-names Xiaosheng
surname Guda
given-names Chittibabu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009820.nxml
surname Vural
given-names Suleyman
surname Wang
given-names Xiaosheng
surname Guda
given-names Chittibabu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5035469.nxml
surname McDermott
given-names Jason E.
surname Mitchell
given-names Hugh D.
surname Gralinski
given-names Lisa E.
surname Eisfeld
given-names Amie J.
surname Josset
given-names Laurence
surname Bankhead
given-names Armand
suffix III
surname Neumann
given-names Gabriele
surname Tilton
given-names Susan C.
surname Schäfer
given-names Alexandra
surname Li
given-names Chengjun
surname Fan
given-names Shufang
surname McWeeney
given-names Shannon
surname Baric
given-names Ralph S.
surname Katze
given-names Michael G.
surname Waters
given-names Katrina M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5035469.nxml
surname McDermott
given-names Jason E.
surname Mitchell
given-names Hugh D.
surname Gralinski
given-names Lisa E.
surname Eisfeld
given-names Amie J.
surname Josset
given-names Laurence
surname Bankhead
given-names Armand
suffix III
surname Neumann
given-names Gabriele
surname Tilton
given-names Susan C.
surname Schäfer
given-names Alexandra
surname Li
given-names Chengjun
surname Fan
given-names Shufang
surname McWeeney
given-names Shannon
surname Baric
given-names Ralph S.
surname Katze
given-names Michael G.
surname Waters
given-names Katrina M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5035469.nxml
surname McDermott
given-names Jason E.
surname Mitchell
given-names Hugh D.
surname Gralinski
given-names Lisa E.
surname Eisfeld
given-names Amie J.
surname Josset
given-names Laurence
surname Bankhead
given-names Armand
suffix III
surname Neumann
given-names Gabriele
surname Tilton
given-names Susan C.
surname Schäfer
given-names Alexandra
surname Li
given-names Chengjun
surname Fan
given-names Shufang
surname McWeeney
given-names Shannon
surname Baric
given-names Ralph S.
surname Katze
given-names Michael G.
surname Waters
given-names Katrina M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5035469.nxml
surname McDermott
given-names Jason E.
surname Mitchell
given-names Hugh D.
surname Gralinski
given-names Lisa E.
surname Eisfeld
given-names Amie J.
surname Josset
given-names Laurence
surname Bankhead
given-names Armand
suffix III
surname Neumann
given-names Gabriele
surname Tilton
given-names Susan C.
surname Schäfer
given-names Alexandra
surname Li
given-names Chengjun
surname Fan
given-names Shufang
surname McWeeney
given-names Shannon
surname Baric
given-names Ralph S.
surname Katze
given-names Michael G.
surname Waters
given-names Katrina M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5035469.nxml
surname McDermott
given-names Jason E.
surname Mitchell
given-names Hugh D.
surname Gralinski
given-names Lisa E.
surname Eisfeld
given-names Amie J.
surname Josset
given-names Laurence
surname Bankhead
given-names Armand
suffix III
surname Neumann
given-names Gabriele
surname Tilton
given-names Susan C.
surname Schäfer
given-names Alexandra
surname Li
given-names Chengjun
surname Fan
given-names Shufang
surname McWeeney
given-names Shannon
surname Baric
given-names Ralph S.
surname Katze
given-names Michael G.
surname Waters
given-names Katrina M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5035469.nxml
surname McDermott
given-names Jason E.
surname Mitchell
given-names Hugh D.
surname Gralinski
given-names Lisa E.
surname Eisfeld
given-names Amie J.
surname Josset
given-names Laurence
surname Bankhead
given-names Armand
suffix III
surname Neumann
given-names Gabriele
surname Tilton
given-names Susan C.
surname Schäfer
given-names Alexandra
surname Li
given-names Chengjun
surname Fan
given-names Shufang
surname McWeeney
given-names Shannon
surname Baric
given-names Ralph S.
surname Katze
given-names Michael G.
surname Waters
given-names Katrina M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5035469.nxml
surname McDermott
given-names Jason E.
surname Mitchell
given-names Hugh D.
surname Gralinski
given-names Lisa E.
surname Eisfeld
given-names Amie J.
surname Josset
given-names Laurence
surname Bankhead
given-names Armand
suffix III
surname Neumann
given-names Gabriele
surname Tilton
given-names Susan C.
surname Schäfer
given-names Alexandra
surname Li
given-names Chengjun
surname Fan
given-names Shufang
surname McWeeney
given-names Shannon
surname Baric
given-names Ralph S.
surname Katze
given-names Michael G.
surname Waters
given-names Katrina M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5035469.nxml
surname McDermott
given-names Jason E.
surname Mitchell
given-names Hugh D.
surname Gralinski
given-names Lisa E.
surname Eisfeld
given-names Amie J.
surname Josset
given-names Laurence
surname Bankhead
given-names Armand
suffix III
surname Neumann
given-names Gabriele
surname Tilton
given-names Susan C.
surname Schäfer
given-names Alexandra
surname Li
given-names Chengjun
surname Fan
given-names Shufang
surname McWeeney
given-names Shannon
surname Baric
given-names Ralph S.
surname Katze
given-names Michael G.
surname Waters
given-names Katrina M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249008.nxml
surname Ghazanfar
given-names Shila
surname Bisogni
given-names Adam J.
surname Ormerod
given-names John T.
surname Lin
given-names David M.
surname Yang
given-names Jean Y. H.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287572.nxml
surname Xie
given-names Linglin
surname Weichel
given-names Brent
surname Ohm
given-names Joyce Ellen
surname Zhang
given-names Ke
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287572.nxml
surname Xie
given-names Linglin
surname Weichel
given-names Brent
surname Ohm
given-names Joyce Ellen
surname Zhang
given-names Ke
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287572.nxml
surname Xie
given-names Linglin
surname Weichel
given-names Brent
surname Ohm
given-names Joyce Ellen
surname Zhang
given-names Ke
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287572.nxml
surname Xie
given-names Linglin
surname Weichel
given-names Brent
surname Ohm
given-names Joyce Ellen
surname Zhang
given-names Ke
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287572.nxml
surname Xie
given-names Linglin
surname Weichel
given-names Brent
surname Ohm
given-names Joyce Ellen
surname Zhang
given-names Ke
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287572.nxml
surname Xie
given-names Linglin
surname Weichel
given-names Brent
surname Ohm
given-names Joyce Ellen
surname Zhang
given-names Ke
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2944137.nxml
surname Rui
given-names Bin
surname Shen
given-names Tie
surname Zhou
given-names Hong
surname Liu
given-names Jianping
surname Chen
given-names Jiusheng
surname Pan
given-names Xiaosong
surname Liu
given-names Haiyan
surname Wu
given-names Jihui
surname Zheng
given-names Haoran
surname Shi
given-names Yunyu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5111260.nxml
surname Lin
given-names Mingyan
surname Pedrosa
given-names Erika
surname Hrabovsky
given-names Anastasia
surname Chen
given-names Jian
surname Puliafito
given-names Benjamin R.
surname Gilbert
given-names Stephanie R.
surname Zheng
given-names Deyou
surname Lachman
given-names Herbert M.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2933594.nxml
surname Obertello
given-names Mariana
surname Krouk
given-names Gabriel
surname Katari
given-names Manpreet S
surname Runko
given-names Suzan J
surname Coruzzi
given-names Gloria M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2933594.nxml
surname Obertello
given-names Mariana
surname Krouk
given-names Gabriel
surname Katari
given-names Manpreet S
surname Runko
given-names Suzan J
surname Coruzzi
given-names Gloria M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2998496.nxml
surname Deng
given-names Youping
surname Johnson
given-names David R
surname Guan
given-names Xin
surname Ang
given-names Choo Y
surname Ai
given-names Junmei
surname Perkins
given-names Edward J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2998496.nxml
surname Deng
given-names Youping
surname Johnson
given-names David R
surname Guan
given-names Xin
surname Ang
given-names Choo Y
surname Ai
given-names Junmei
surname Perkins
given-names Edward J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2946304.nxml
surname Dexter
given-names Tim J
surname Sims
given-names David
surname Mitsopoulos
given-names Costas
surname Mackay
given-names Alan
surname Grigoriadis
given-names Anita
surname Ahmad
given-names Amar S
surname Zvelebil
given-names Marketa
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2946304.nxml
surname Dexter
given-names Tim J
surname Sims
given-names David
surname Mitsopoulos
given-names Costas
surname Mackay
given-names Alan
surname Grigoriadis
given-names Anita
surname Ahmad
given-names Amar S
surname Zvelebil
given-names Marketa
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2946304.nxml
surname Dexter
given-names Tim J
surname Sims
given-names David
surname Mitsopoulos
given-names Costas
surname Mackay
given-names Alan
surname Grigoriadis
given-names Anita
surname Ahmad
given-names Amar S
surname Zvelebil
given-names Marketa
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2946304.nxml
surname Dexter
given-names Tim J
surname Sims
given-names David
surname Mitsopoulos
given-names Costas
surname Mackay
given-names Alan
surname Grigoriadis
given-names Anita
surname Ahmad
given-names Amar S
surname Zvelebil
given-names Marketa
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2946304.nxml
surname Dexter
given-names Tim J
surname Sims
given-names David
surname Mitsopoulos
given-names Costas
surname Mackay
given-names Alan
surname Grigoriadis
given-names Anita
surname Ahmad
given-names Amar S
surname Zvelebil
given-names Marketa
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2946304.nxml
surname Dexter
given-names Tim J
surname Sims
given-names David
surname Mitsopoulos
given-names Costas
surname Mackay
given-names Alan
surname Grigoriadis
given-names Anita
surname Ahmad
given-names Amar S
surname Zvelebil
given-names Marketa
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2946304.nxml
surname Dexter
given-names Tim J
surname Sims
given-names David
surname Mitsopoulos
given-names Costas
surname Mackay
given-names Alan
surname Grigoriadis
given-names Anita
surname Ahmad
given-names Amar S
surname Zvelebil
given-names Marketa
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2946304.nxml
surname Dexter
given-names Tim J
surname Sims
given-names David
surname Mitsopoulos
given-names Costas
surname Mackay
given-names Alan
surname Grigoriadis
given-names Anita
surname Ahmad
given-names Amar S
surname Zvelebil
given-names Marketa
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2946304.nxml
surname Dexter
given-names Tim J
surname Sims
given-names David
surname Mitsopoulos
given-names Costas
surname Mackay
given-names Alan
surname Grigoriadis
given-names Anita
surname Ahmad
given-names Amar S
surname Zvelebil
given-names Marketa
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC2946304.nxml
surname Dexter
given-names Tim J
surname Sims
given-names David
surname Mitsopoulos
given-names Costas
surname Mackay
given-names Alan
surname Grigoriadis
given-names Anita
surname Ahmad
given-names Amar S
surname Zvelebil
given-names Marketa
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249032.nxml
surname Zheng
given-names Yun
surname Hivrale
given-names Vandana
surname Zhang
given-names Xiaotuo
surname Valliyodan
given-names Babu
surname Lelandais-Brière
given-names Christine
surname Farmer
given-names Andrew D.
surname May
given-names Gregory D.
surname Crespi
given-names Martin
surname Nguyen
given-names Henry T.
surname Sunkar
given-names Ramanjulu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5249032.nxml
surname Zheng
given-names Yun
surname Hivrale
given-names Vandana
surname Zhang
given-names Xiaotuo
surname Valliyodan
given-names Babu
surname Lelandais-Brière
given-names Christine
surname Farmer
given-names Andrew D.
surname May
given-names Gregory D.
surname Crespi
given-names Martin
surname Nguyen
given-names Henry T.
surname Sunkar
given-names Ramanjulu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5259919.nxml
surname Chae
given-names Heejoon
surname Lee
given-names Sangseon
surname Nephew
given-names Kenneth P.
surname Kim
given-names Sun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5259919.nxml
surname Chae
given-names Heejoon
surname Lee
given-names Sangseon
surname Nephew
given-names Kenneth P.
surname Kim
given-names Sun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5259919.nxml
surname Chae
given-names Heejoon
surname Lee
given-names Sangseon
surname Nephew
given-names Kenneth P.
surname Kim
given-names Sun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5259919.nxml
surname Chae
given-names Heejoon
surname Lee
given-names Sangseon
surname Nephew
given-names Kenneth P.
surname Kim
given-names Sun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5259919.nxml
surname Chae
given-names Heejoon
surname Lee
given-names Sangseon
surname Nephew
given-names Kenneth P.
surname Kim
given-names Sun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5259869.nxml
surname Zhang
given-names Shuqin
surname Ng
given-names Michael K.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5259869.nxml
surname Zhang
given-names Shuqin
surname Ng
given-names Michael K.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5260078.nxml
surname Wang
given-names Yin
surname Huang
given-names Tao
surname Xie
given-names Lu
surname Liu
given-names Lei
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5260078.nxml
surname Wang
given-names Yin
surname Huang
given-names Tao
surname Xie
given-names Lu
surname Liu
given-names Lei
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5260078.nxml
surname Wang
given-names Yin
surname Huang
given-names Tao
surname Xie
given-names Lu
surname Liu
given-names Lei
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5260113.nxml
surname Jung
given-names Inuk
surname Ahn
given-names Hongryul
surname Shin
given-names Seon-Ju
surname Kim
given-names Jukon
surname Kwon
given-names Hawk-Bin
surname Jung
given-names Woosuk
surname Kim
given-names Sun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5260113.nxml
surname Jung
given-names Inuk
surname Ahn
given-names Hongryul
surname Shin
given-names Seon-Ju
surname Kim
given-names Jukon
surname Kwon
given-names Hawk-Bin
surname Jung
given-names Woosuk
surname Kim
given-names Sun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5314682.nxml
surname Kashaf
given-names Sara Saheb
surname Angione
given-names Claudio
surname Lió
given-names Pietro
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5314682.nxml
surname Kashaf
given-names Sara Saheb
surname Angione
given-names Claudio
surname Lió
given-names Pietro
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5314682.nxml
surname Kashaf
given-names Sara Saheb
surname Angione
given-names Claudio
surname Lió
given-names Pietro
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5336651.nxml
surname Mall
given-names Raghvendra
surname Cerulo
given-names Luigi
surname Bensmail
given-names Halima
surname Iavarone
given-names Antonio
surname Ceccarelli
given-names Michele
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5336651.nxml
surname Mall
given-names Raghvendra
surname Cerulo
given-names Luigi
surname Bensmail
given-names Halima
surname Iavarone
given-names Antonio
surname Ceccarelli
given-names Michele
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5336651.nxml
surname Mall
given-names Raghvendra
surname Cerulo
given-names Luigi
surname Bensmail
given-names Halima
surname Iavarone
given-names Antonio
surname Ceccarelli
given-names Michele
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5336651.nxml
surname Mall
given-names Raghvendra
surname Cerulo
given-names Luigi
surname Bensmail
given-names Halima
surname Iavarone
given-names Antonio
surname Ceccarelli
given-names Michele
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5336651.nxml
surname Mall
given-names Raghvendra
surname Cerulo
given-names Luigi
surname Bensmail
given-names Halima
surname Iavarone
given-names Antonio
surname Ceccarelli
given-names Michele
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5336651.nxml
surname Mall
given-names Raghvendra
surname Cerulo
given-names Luigi
surname Bensmail
given-names Halima
surname Iavarone
given-names Antonio
surname Ceccarelli
given-names Michele
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5336651.nxml
surname Mall
given-names Raghvendra
surname Cerulo
given-names Luigi
surname Bensmail
given-names Halima
surname Iavarone
given-names Antonio
surname Ceccarelli
given-names Michele
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5336651.nxml
surname Mall
given-names Raghvendra
surname Cerulo
given-names Luigi
surname Bensmail
given-names Halima
surname Iavarone
given-names Antonio
surname Ceccarelli
given-names Michele
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5336651.nxml
surname Mall
given-names Raghvendra
surname Cerulo
given-names Luigi
surname Bensmail
given-names Halima
surname Iavarone
given-names Antonio
surname Ceccarelli
given-names Michele
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353876.nxml
surname Park
given-names Chihyun
surname Yun
given-names So Jeong
surname Ryu
given-names Sung Jin
surname Lee
given-names Soyoung
surname Lee
given-names Young-Sam
surname Yoon
given-names Youngmi
surname Park
given-names Sang Chul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353876.nxml
surname Park
given-names Chihyun
surname Yun
given-names So Jeong
surname Ryu
given-names Sung Jin
surname Lee
given-names Soyoung
surname Lee
given-names Young-Sam
surname Yoon
given-names Youngmi
surname Park
given-names Sang Chul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353876.nxml
surname Park
given-names Chihyun
surname Yun
given-names So Jeong
surname Ryu
given-names Sung Jin
surname Lee
given-names Soyoung
surname Lee
given-names Young-Sam
surname Yoon
given-names Youngmi
surname Park
given-names Sang Chul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353876.nxml
surname Park
given-names Chihyun
surname Yun
given-names So Jeong
surname Ryu
given-names Sung Jin
surname Lee
given-names Soyoung
surname Lee
given-names Young-Sam
surname Yoon
given-names Youngmi
surname Park
given-names Sang Chul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353876.nxml
surname Park
given-names Chihyun
surname Yun
given-names So Jeong
surname Ryu
given-names Sung Jin
surname Lee
given-names Soyoung
surname Lee
given-names Young-Sam
surname Yoon
given-names Youngmi
surname Park
given-names Sang Chul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353876.nxml
surname Park
given-names Chihyun
surname Yun
given-names So Jeong
surname Ryu
given-names Sung Jin
surname Lee
given-names Soyoung
surname Lee
given-names Young-Sam
surname Yoon
given-names Youngmi
surname Park
given-names Sang Chul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353876.nxml
surname Park
given-names Chihyun
surname Yun
given-names So Jeong
surname Ryu
given-names Sung Jin
surname Lee
given-names Soyoung
surname Lee
given-names Young-Sam
surname Yoon
given-names Youngmi
surname Park
given-names Sang Chul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353876.nxml
surname Park
given-names Chihyun
surname Yun
given-names So Jeong
surname Ryu
given-names Sung Jin
surname Lee
given-names Soyoung
surname Lee
given-names Young-Sam
surname Yoon
given-names Youngmi
surname Park
given-names Sang Chul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353876.nxml
surname Park
given-names Chihyun
surname Yun
given-names So Jeong
surname Ryu
given-names Sung Jin
surname Lee
given-names Soyoung
surname Lee
given-names Young-Sam
surname Yoon
given-names Youngmi
surname Park
given-names Sang Chul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353876.nxml
surname Park
given-names Chihyun
surname Yun
given-names So Jeong
surname Ryu
given-names Sung Jin
surname Lee
given-names Soyoung
surname Lee
given-names Young-Sam
surname Yoon
given-names Youngmi
surname Park
given-names Sang Chul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353876.nxml
surname Park
given-names Chihyun
surname Yun
given-names So Jeong
surname Ryu
given-names Sung Jin
surname Lee
given-names Soyoung
surname Lee
given-names Young-Sam
surname Yoon
given-names Youngmi
surname Park
given-names Sang Chul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353876.nxml
surname Park
given-names Chihyun
surname Yun
given-names So Jeong
surname Ryu
given-names Sung Jin
surname Lee
given-names Soyoung
surname Lee
given-names Young-Sam
surname Yoon
given-names Youngmi
surname Park
given-names Sang Chul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353876.nxml
surname Park
given-names Chihyun
surname Yun
given-names So Jeong
surname Ryu
given-names Sung Jin
surname Lee
given-names Soyoung
surname Lee
given-names Young-Sam
surname Yoon
given-names Youngmi
surname Park
given-names Sang Chul
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353859.nxml
surname Lund
given-names Anne Mathilde
surname Kaas
given-names Christian Schrøder
surname Brandl
given-names Julian
surname Pedersen
given-names Lasse Ebdrup
surname Kildegaard
given-names Helene Faustrup
surname Kristensen
given-names Claus
surname Andersen
given-names Mikael Rørdam
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5353859.nxml
surname Lund
given-names Anne Mathilde
surname Kaas
given-names Christian Schrøder
surname Brandl
given-names Julian
surname Pedersen
given-names Lasse Ebdrup
surname Kildegaard
given-names Helene Faustrup
surname Kristensen
given-names Claus
surname Andersen
given-names Mikael Rørdam
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5369021.nxml
surname Trescher
given-names Saskia
surname Münchmeyer
given-names Jannes
surname Leser
given-names Ulf
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5374590.nxml
surname Chen
given-names Weiqi
surname Liu
given-names Jing
surname He
given-names Shan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5374590.nxml
surname Chen
given-names Weiqi
surname Liu
given-names Jing
surname He
given-names Shan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5374590.nxml
surname Chen
given-names Weiqi
surname Liu
given-names Jing
surname He
given-names Shan
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5374644.nxml
surname Moon
given-names Ji Hwan
surname Lim
given-names Sangsoo
surname Jo
given-names Kyuri
surname Lee
given-names Sangseon
surname Seo
given-names Seokjun
surname Kim
given-names Sun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5374644.nxml
surname Moon
given-names Ji Hwan
surname Lim
given-names Sangsoo
surname Jo
given-names Kyuri
surname Lee
given-names Sangseon
surname Seo
given-names Seokjun
surname Kim
given-names Sun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5374644.nxml
surname Moon
given-names Ji Hwan
surname Lim
given-names Sangsoo
surname Jo
given-names Kyuri
surname Lee
given-names Sangseon
surname Seo
given-names Seokjun
surname Kim
given-names Sun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5374644.nxml
surname Moon
given-names Ji Hwan
surname Lim
given-names Sangsoo
surname Jo
given-names Kyuri
surname Lee
given-names Sangseon
surname Seo
given-names Seokjun
surname Kim
given-names Sun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5374644.nxml
surname Moon
given-names Ji Hwan
surname Lim
given-names Sangsoo
surname Jo
given-names Kyuri
surname Lee
given-names Sangseon
surname Seo
given-names Seokjun
surname Kim
given-names Sun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5374644.nxml
surname Moon
given-names Ji Hwan
surname Lim
given-names Sangsoo
surname Jo
given-names Kyuri
surname Lee
given-names Sangseon
surname Seo
given-names Seokjun
surname Kim
given-names Sun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5382366.nxml
surname Kim
given-names Yunseong
surname Choi
given-names Sea
surname Shin
given-names Dongkwan
surname Cho
given-names Kwang-Hyun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5382366.nxml
surname Kim
given-names Yunseong
surname Choi
given-names Sea
surname Shin
given-names Dongkwan
surname Cho
given-names Kwang-Hyun
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5389000.nxml
surname Botía
given-names Juan A.
surname Vandrovcova
given-names Jana
surname Forabosco
given-names Paola
surname Guelfi
given-names Sebastian
surname D’Sa
given-names Karishma
surname Hardy
given-names John
surname Lewis
given-names Cathryn M.
surname Ryten
given-names Mina
surname Weale
given-names Michael E.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5405553.nxml
surname Banerjee
given-names Deepanwita
surname Parmar
given-names Dharmeshkumar
surname Bhattacharya
given-names Nivedita
surname Ghanate
given-names Avinash D.
surname Panchagnula
given-names Venkateswarlu
surname Raghunathan
given-names Anu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5405553.nxml
surname Banerjee
given-names Deepanwita
surname Parmar
given-names Dharmeshkumar
surname Bhattacharya
given-names Nivedita
surname Ghanate
given-names Avinash D.
surname Panchagnula
given-names Venkateswarlu
surname Raghunathan
given-names Anu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5405553.nxml
surname Banerjee
given-names Deepanwita
surname Parmar
given-names Dharmeshkumar
surname Bhattacharya
given-names Nivedita
surname Ghanate
given-names Avinash D.
surname Panchagnula
given-names Venkateswarlu
surname Raghunathan
given-names Anu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5405553.nxml
surname Banerjee
given-names Deepanwita
surname Parmar
given-names Dharmeshkumar
surname Bhattacharya
given-names Nivedita
surname Ghanate
given-names Avinash D.
surname Panchagnula
given-names Venkateswarlu
surname Raghunathan
given-names Anu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3101171.nxml
surname Nie
given-names Jeff
surname Stewart
given-names Ron
surname Zhang
given-names Hang
surname Thomson
given-names James A
surname Ruan
given-names Fang
surname Cui
given-names Xiaoqi
surname Wei
given-names Hairong
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3111376.nxml
surname Pandey
given-names Priyanka
surname Qin
given-names Shan
surname Ho
given-names Jacqueline
surname Zhou
given-names Jing
surname Kreidberg
given-names Jordan A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3111376.nxml
surname Pandey
given-names Priyanka
surname Qin
given-names Shan
surname Ho
given-names Jacqueline
surname Zhou
given-names Jing
surname Kreidberg
given-names Jordan A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3111376.nxml
surname Pandey
given-names Priyanka
surname Qin
given-names Shan
surname Ho
given-names Jacqueline
surname Zhou
given-names Jing
surname Kreidberg
given-names Jordan A
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009556.nxml
surname Hsu
given-names Yu-Ching
surname Chiu
given-names Yu-Chiao
surname Chen
given-names Yidong
surname Hsiao
given-names Tzu-Hung
surname Chuang
given-names Eric Y.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009556.nxml
surname Hsu
given-names Yu-Ching
surname Chiu
given-names Yu-Chiao
surname Chen
given-names Yidong
surname Hsiao
given-names Tzu-Hung
surname Chuang
given-names Eric Y.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009556.nxml
surname Hsu
given-names Yu-Ching
surname Chiu
given-names Yu-Chiao
surname Chen
given-names Yidong
surname Hsiao
given-names Tzu-Hung
surname Chuang
given-names Eric Y.
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009564.nxml
surname Zhao
given-names Zhongming
surname Liu
given-names Yunlong
surname Huang
given-names Yufei
surname Huang
given-names Kun
surname Ruan
given-names Jianhua
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3224390.nxml
surname Douma
given-names Rutger D
surname Batista
given-names Joana M
surname Touw
given-names Kai M
surname Kiel
given-names Jan AKW
surname Krikken
given-names Arjen M
surname Zhao
given-names Zheng
surname Veiga
given-names Tânia
surname Klaassen
given-names Paul
surname Bovenberg
given-names Roel AL
surname Daran
given-names Jean-Marc
surname Heijnen
given-names Joseph J
surname van Gulik
given-names Walter M
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3225231.nxml
surname Jagannathan
given-names Vidhya
surname Robinson-Rechavi
given-names Marc
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287475.nxml
surname Yoon
given-names Dukyong
surname Kim
given-names Hyosil
surname Suh-Kim
given-names Haeyoung
surname Park
given-names Rae Woong
surname Lee
given-names KiYoung
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287484.nxml
surname Kim
given-names Sangwoo
surname Nam
given-names Hojung
surname Lee
given-names Doheon
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287484.nxml
surname Kim
given-names Sangwoo
surname Nam
given-names Hojung
surname Lee
given-names Doheon
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287486.nxml
surname Konishi
given-names Tomokazu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287486.nxml
surname Konishi
given-names Tomokazu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287486.nxml
surname Konishi
given-names Tomokazu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287487.nxml
surname Morita
given-names Mariko
surname Nakamura
given-names Megumi
surname Hamada
given-names Michito
surname Takahashi
given-names Satoru
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287487.nxml
surname Morita
given-names Mariko
surname Nakamura
given-names Megumi
surname Hamada
given-names Michito
surname Takahashi
given-names Satoru
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287488.nxml
surname Hu
given-names Zhirui
surname Qian
given-names Minping
surname Zhang
given-names Michael Q 
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287488.nxml
surname Hu
given-names Zhirui
surname Qian
given-names Minping
surname Zhang
given-names Michael Q 
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3265435.nxml
surname Göhler
given-names Anna-Katharina
surname Kökpinar
given-names Öznur
surname Schmidt-Heck
given-names Wolfgang
surname Geffers
given-names Robert
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Rinas
given-names Ursula
surname Schuster
given-names Stefan
surname Jahreis
given-names Knut
surname Kaleta
given-names Christoph
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3265435.nxml
surname Göhler
given-names Anna-Katharina
surname Kökpinar
given-names Öznur
surname Schmidt-Heck
given-names Wolfgang
surname Geffers
given-names Robert
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Rinas
given-names Ursula
surname Schuster
given-names Stefan
surname Jahreis
given-names Knut
surname Kaleta
given-names Christoph
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3265435.nxml
surname Göhler
given-names Anna-Katharina
surname Kökpinar
given-names Öznur
surname Schmidt-Heck
given-names Wolfgang
surname Geffers
given-names Robert
surname Guthke
given-names Reinhard
surname Rinas
given-names Ursula
surname Schuster
given-names Stefan
surname Jahreis
given-names Knut
surname Kaleta
given-names Christoph
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287565.nxml
surname Wang
given-names Jianxin
surname Chen
given-names Gang
surname Li
given-names Min
surname Pan
given-names Yi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287565.nxml
surname Wang
given-names Jianxin
surname Chen
given-names Gang
surname Li
given-names Min
surname Pan
given-names Yi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287565.nxml
surname Wang
given-names Jianxin
surname Chen
given-names Gang
surname Li
given-names Min
surname Pan
given-names Yi
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287576.nxml
surname Wang
given-names Jigang
surname Qiu
given-names Xiaojie
surname Li
given-names Yuhua
surname Deng
given-names Youping
surname Shi
given-names Tieliu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287576.nxml
surname Wang
given-names Jigang
surname Qiu
given-names Xiaojie
surname Li
given-names Yuhua
surname Deng
given-names Youping
surname Shi
given-names Tieliu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3287576.nxml
surname Wang
given-names Jigang
surname Qiu
given-names Xiaojie
surname Li
given-names Yuhua
surname Deng
given-names Youping
surname Shi
given-names Tieliu
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3056741.nxml
surname Sorokina
given-names Oksana
surname Corellou
given-names Florence
surname Dauvillée
given-names David
surname Sorokin
given-names Anatoly
surname Goryanin
given-names Igor
surname Ball
given-names Steven
surname Bouget
given-names François-Yves
surname Millar
given-names Andrew J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3056741.nxml
surname Sorokina
given-names Oksana
surname Corellou
given-names Florence
surname Dauvillée
given-names David
surname Sorokin
given-names Anatoly
surname Goryanin
given-names Igor
surname Ball
given-names Steven
surname Bouget
given-names François-Yves
surname Millar
given-names Andrew J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC3056741.nxml
surname Sorokina
given-names Oksana
surname Corellou
given-names Florence
surname Dauvillée
given-names David
surname Sorokin
given-names Anatoly
surname Goryanin
given-names Igor
surname Ball
given-names Steven
surname Bouget
given-names François-Yves
surname Millar
given-names Andrew J
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009528.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Feixiong
surname Liu
given-names Chuang
surname Shen
given-names Bairong
surname Zhao
given-names Zhongming
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009528.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Feixiong
surname Liu
given-names Chuang
surname Shen
given-names Bairong
surname Zhao
given-names Zhongming
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009528.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Feixiong
surname Liu
given-names Chuang
surname Shen
given-names Bairong
surname Zhao
given-names Zhongming
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009528.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Feixiong
surname Liu
given-names Chuang
surname Shen
given-names Bairong
surname Zhao
given-names Zhongming
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009528.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Feixiong
surname Liu
given-names Chuang
surname Shen
given-names Bairong
surname Zhao
given-names Zhongming
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009528.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Feixiong
surname Liu
given-names Chuang
surname Shen
given-names Bairong
surname Zhao
given-names Zhongming
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009528.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Feixiong
surname Liu
given-names Chuang
surname Shen
given-names Bairong
surname Zhao
given-names Zhongming
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009528.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Feixiong
surname Liu
given-names Chuang
surname Shen
given-names Bairong
surname Zhao
given-names Zhongming
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009528.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Feixiong
surname Liu
given-names Chuang
surname Shen
given-names Bairong
surname Zhao
given-names Zhongming
/u/scratch/d/datduong/pubmedArticle4Dec17/journalWanted/BMC_Syst_Biol/PMC5009528.nxml
surname Cheng
given-names Feixiong
surname Liu
given-names Chuang
surname Shen
given-names Bairong
surname Zhao
given-names Zhongming
